Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine:
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy, and he has my vote!#EvanForSI
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled, Omarosa's Ultimate Merger:
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday, 8/23 @ 9pm (ET) on NBC:
Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA:
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.
...these days...we could all use a little of the power of Trumpative thinking. BarnesandNoble.com
Enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest:
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!
Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending, banks, & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto:
There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation ...
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm.He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3, and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC.
Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact. --Donald J. Trump
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
RE: Michael Jackson: He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. Its a devastating loss! -Donald J. Trump
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year. Lets think like champions in 2010!
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Expand your life every day. Donald J. Trump
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone. --Donald J. Trump
Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor:
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight @ 9pm (EST) on NBC:
Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook?- Become a fan today!
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
Think. Thats the first step. Use all your power to utilize and develop that capability --Donald J. Trump
--From Donald Trump: Ivanka and Jareds wedding was spectacular, and they make a beautiful couple. Im a very proud father.
- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book, The Trump Card:
Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for Melania Timepieces & Jewelrytonight, live from 9-10 pm on QVC
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump
When the achiever achieves, it's not a plateau, its a beginning. --Donald J. Trump
- More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and Double Trump plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes:
If you don't have problems, you're pretending or you don't run your own business. Donald J. Trump
Last week to enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest:
Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her- Have a terrific weekend!
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
- Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check it out:
Keep it fast, short and direct - whatever it is. --Donald J. Trump
Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record:
Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog:
I am very happy to have the civilian version of The Apprentice back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity.
Always know you could be on the precipice of something great. --Donald J. Trump
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - I've always been a believer in second chances. says Donald Trump
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC.
WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!
Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump:
Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago...
Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman:- Very funny!
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday!
A lot of people have imagination, but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination. --Donald J. Trump
Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book, Think Like A Champion:
An HR solutions company polled 1,000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses...
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York
CNBC Titans: Donald Trumpwill be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am, Sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and11/24 at 7 pm
Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success:
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat
Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him.
Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Send him your B'day wishes here:
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Don't forget to enter the Think Like A Champion signed book and keychain contest:
#NAME?
My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. Good info to know about.
Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly ...
Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice.
My persona will never be that of a wallflower - Id rather build walls than cling to them --Donald J. Trump
See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice
New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way:
Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice. Next Thursday, September 16th, at 9pm on NBC.
-- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman:
Donald Trumps commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating:
RE: FB Vanity URLs: SF Chronicle - David Beckham was one of the first, along with Britney Spears & Donald Trump.
Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation. --Donald J. Trump
Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the Think Like A Champion signed book/keychain contest!
Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well.
Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular!
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's World's Best Awards 2011 .....
You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward. --Donald J. Trump
Dont be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self. --Donald J. Trump
...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk.
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishesDonald Trump
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!
We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment. --Donald J. Trump
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog:
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots.
WSJ covers Ride of Fame
Trading Shots with Donald Trump--a great article in the Wall Street Journal
Congratulations to our new Miss USA,the beautiful Rima Fakih.Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame...
The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards.
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
From Donald Trump: Im so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line, to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.
Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 @ TNGC LA, CA - Mark Wahlberg vs. Kevin Dillon
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli @ Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach
The Dunes here are amazing, andthey're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win!
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
and stay atthe fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas ...
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity Apprentice
Enter the contest.... stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2..
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!A great job by everyone.
Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way.
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back.
The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1,000,000 towards St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contestand win a trip to Las Vegas..
Putthis on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas
Rima Fakih, our beautiful Miss USA, rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday...
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!
Eric's Sept. 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester.
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind anddefends them.
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for The Ultimate Merger starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ...
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon, 8 to 10 p.m.:
Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet!
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Check out the last webisodein our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Could this be my newest apprentice?...Enter the contest .. .
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
and yet another ...all of them are spectacular.
Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcastthe Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection...
And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere....
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback. It's inspiring, entertaining, and a great read.
Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season.
That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas...
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.
Olympic GoldMedalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
The premiere of Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.
ET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!
Today's open call drew thousands ofeager applicants. It was an impressive group,I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates!
Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2.99 but the advice is priceless!
Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message:
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click hereand you could win a trip
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
On Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Who's your pick-- or? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page!
The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet, see you then!
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET,hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular!
Mark your calenders for August 23rd:
Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN, 9 p.m. I'll be the host, Larry the guest.
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon
Tonight I trade places with Larry Kingand interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending, waste, fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.
Before Kids Can Go Places, They Need a Place To Go -- the motto of The Police Athletic League, an organization I'mvery proud to support
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
The Ultimate Merger:
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazingtheatrical experience!
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
and here's another....
The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details:
Donald Trump appearing today on CNN Internationals Connect the World as Connector of the Day. Submit questions:
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!
from Donald Trump: I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!
Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period. #TimeToGetTough
Myinterview withdiscussing howis delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win.
It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone.
#TimeToGetTough
With the number of tweets sad sackhas done, she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont)
He is delusional:believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
Tom marbles in his mouth Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now, he calls (cont)
So biased:made 'The Protester' as the person of the year.celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government-- doesn't respect the fact that the (cont)
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont)
Please send a psychiatrist to helpshes in a bad state. Togirlfriends parents--- get (cont)
My interview within herspecial 'Most Fascinating People of 2011'
#noratingswill soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio.
Check out my new bookTime To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again
A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy, the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation.
People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't. #TimeToGetTough
tops500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats
OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
I like Russell Brand, but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not.
Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car, you pay 45.8 cents in state, local, and federal taxes. #TimeToGetTough
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.
#trumpvlog China is laughing....
I'll be onwith Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night'sdebate.
Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so.
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this?
This is whatthinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont)
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East.says No!
More people attend arally than watchonall week.is very lonely. (cont)
Less than a week after we leave Iraq, the country is already unraveling.We got nothing from the Iraqis and now (cont)
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape.plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. That's why the single most important function of the federal (cont)
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job!
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt,is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
My interview with Andy Dean onI told him what I really thought about thedebate.
My interview withofdiscussing #TimeToGetTough, GOP primary and my 2012 options
Congratulations tofor winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat!
It's important that we help poor people to become independent, self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work. #TimeToGetTough
We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. Hes also (cont)
#trumpvlog Same last name, same bad ratings-and
In order to preserve my options and guarantee thatis defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent.
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
Even ifstays in DC, taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling
Save your timeand focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
So, if Iran is going to take over the oil, I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq.#TimeToGetTough
#badratingsshow failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being withtrue loser.
The Mullahs laughed whenasked Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
#badratingsyou will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment. #TimeToGetTough
My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't.doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
Read this about
Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will. #TimeToGetTough
We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. #TimeToGetTough
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont)
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisures 2012 Worlds Best Awards Survey
I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family! -RushLimbaugh
The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation.#TimeToGetTough
For last minute shopping, my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great choice...
We're all proud offor being on30 Under 30 list.
The lightweight,used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
He is destroying our country: has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont)
Myinterview withexplaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012
If speeches and memoirs created jobs thenwould be Ronald Reagan.
What a convenient mistake:issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas.
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders.
But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
The habitual vacationer,has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
The habitual vacationer,is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++while there is 20% unemployment.
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
The thing about high corporate tax rates is that, in the end, companies arent the ones who foot the bill, consumers do. #TimeToGetTough
Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough, easy to order on Amazon
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China?
I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book The America We Deserve and the collapse of Iraq in
My interview withdiscussing #TimeToGetTough, my 2012 plans and Iraq
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homagebut failed to mention Jesus.
Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
Greatpiece - ' What I've Learned'
Myinterview withdiscussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax- debate
I'm right, TPM is wrong -did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont)
When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?#TimeToGetTough
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall withFaith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty.
A total lightweight:continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont)
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it.
The average family has spent $4,155 this year filling up the car on $3.50/gallon average. Both record highs. (cont)
Jeffrey Lord, former Reagan adviser, has endorsed the Newsmax- debate with a great article
has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
Whether we like it or not, oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. It just is. When the price o (cont)
In order to get elected,will start a war with Iran.
President Reagan put it best: Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence.
Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire untilis defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
Iran's continued public threats of annihilatingare unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough
My new book Time To Get Tough will be out Dec 5th. Solutions you won't hear from the politicians. The bes (cont)
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery untilis defeated.
Myinterview from yesterday
Looks like the line has started, be sure to join me for book signing, starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.
I was on a tele-townhall withand hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax- debate. No loyalty.
Call me old school, but I believe in the old warrior's credo that to the victor go the spoils. In other word (cont)
When it comes to China,practices pretty please diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows---and it (cont)
You know what is the worst part ofTuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Toughfrom 11 am to 2 pm.
China is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell uswhat to do---much like a strong stockh (cont)
I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
Iowa Congressmanhas endorsed the Newsmax- debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax- debate
Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco, 1250 Old Country Rd, from 6 pm to 8 pm
Look, here'sthe deal:has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats.Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday?We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeatthen they should read #TimeToGetTough.
Myinterview with&discussing the Newsmax- debate and #TimeToGetTough
The habitual vacationer:has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history (cont)
Santorum calls Trump debate skippers hypocrites
The Architectis directly responsible for losing both houses &becoming President. Ignore him.
#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday....
#trumpvlogis very inconsiderate...
Why didlet Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden, they did (cont)
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today. The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again.#TimeToGetTough
Myinterview withdiscussing the Newsmax- debate, #TimeToGetTough, the GOP and the economy
Excited to haveendorsement of the Newsmax- debate. Sarah is terrific.
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
Why doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help avert the European crisis? Crude keeps rising during the dow (cont)
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative.re debate.
My interview onwith Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough, meetingand the 2012 election
Here's my message toAmerica is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!#TimeToGetTough
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president, has asked for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
Myinterview withdiscussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax- debate
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about onshoring? We need to bring manufa (cont)
I will be signing copies of my new book, Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again, in Trump Tower on Frida (cont)
Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: How will any immigrant applying fo (cont)
The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog...
Happy to haveand the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax- debate. FFCis a great organization.
Metat Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
Agreat crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!
Excited thatAmy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
A clip from myinterview discussing howNewsmax- debate is determining the GOP primary polls
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early?wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Yesterday I explained toonwhydoesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden
#trumpvlog Why I cancelled the great debate.....
He ruins the brand:doesn't belong onAs CM for Mondale in '84, youlost 49 states. Sad!
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
Why doescontinue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre workplace violence.
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to negative. Why?failure to lead with the Super Committee.
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected:I can match him--preserving my options.
When it comes to China,practices pretty please diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows--and it' (cont)
If The Art of the Deal is a must read then #TimeToGetTough is my opus.It is available Dec 5th!
Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States, the most pr (cont)
I'll be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.
#TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now...
Unbelievable how he gets away with it: is flying around on Air Force One, laughing at everybod (cont)
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair, balanced and informative.
He ruins the brand:doesn't belong on. As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad!
I'll be signing copies of my new booktomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry.
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with OPEC and China and defeating
A special message to the staff ofin celebration of the 2nd anniversary....
Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax- debate:
Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury, NY, from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there.
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating
Don't forget next Friday December 9th: I'll be signing my new bookin Trump Tower from 11 a.m (cont)
My interview ondiscussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-debate(starts at 23:00)
I will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow, Dec 9th, in Trump Tower from 11 a.m. to(cont)
Myinterview duscussing my meeting withthe Newsmax- debate and #TimeToGetTough
We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax -debate? More debate is always better.
Illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers. Washington needs to get tough and fight for W (cont)
Excited that Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax- debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
Myinterview withdiscussing the Newsmax- debate, #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race
A clip of my upcoming interview withdiscussing #TimeToGetTough,and the Islamist winter
What is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is, consider the diverse audience that perh (cont)
The new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts:bashes rich people an (cont)
Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable.
Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair, balanced , and informative.
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue, between 56th and 57th Streets...
We are building China's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in America.
RTTrumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy Americavia
It's inconvenient and inconsiderate:is doing a fundraiser tonight, making it almost impossibl (cont)
The CBO has confirmed thatstimulus crowds out private investment while not creating any jobs.
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.Our allyis in a perilous position.We must stand behind
China is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in Australia.Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough
Made in America?called his 'birthplace'Hawaiihere in Asia.
In the span of two monthsthe habitual vacationer, has called America soft and lazy. He loves to criticize America.
My interview ondiscussing the economy andWitch Hunt
Mynew book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon
The stimulus is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years --as admitted byown CBO
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime.must be defeated.
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video---
Reporter should resign----
The Fed should not bail out the EU.Europe's financial mess is their problem, not our problem!
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar (cont)
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video that includes clip...#thedailyshow
The Supercommittee is a disaster. The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. They hat (cont)
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susterentonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
The must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.
#timetogettough The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book Time To Get Tough.....watch the #trumpvlog---
Yesterdayactually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. Shocking.
the habitual vacationer, called America lazy this past weekend while in Hawaii.
Why doessupport the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
The Federal deficit crossed $15Trillion, 100% of our GDP. Yet the Super Committee can't find $1.2Trillion i (cont)
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi.spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth.
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--andcannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed.
The Debate,mic, and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog---
The habitual vacationer-- 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.He failed to lead, again.
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.
Regardless of the USC's ruling, ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027#TimeToGetTough
Someprotesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party.
My interview yesterday withdiscussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary
The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunatelyis no friend of Israel.
Ifwanted the Super Committee to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
delayed the Keystone pipeline decision until 2013.Now Canada is looking to export more oil to China.
To the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.
Crude has skyrocketed sincedelayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20,000 jobs gone, but family budgets are tightening.
As of September 30th, we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off.#TimeToGetTough
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending, not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem.
The Federal governmenthas increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed.
My interview from last night withdiscussing OWS
My interview withdiscussing mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012.
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.
made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
The failure of the Super Committee shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough
Crude is at $100/Barrel. With the current state of the world economy, how is that possible? OPEC is ripping of (cont)
Congratulations to and--all listed #1 onWorld's Best Business Hotels
When mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneurs true character emerges and further growth takes place.The Midas Touch.
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation becauseis such an extreme leftist.He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough.
My interview from yesterday discussing howfailed to show any leadership on th (cont)
America should not be pressuringto show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
My new book,Time To Get Tough,comes outon December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.
My interview yesterday withdiscussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012....
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
He is out of real solutions-- job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
has increased the EPA budget by over 150%.The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs.It sends jobs overseas.
Once Iran has nuclear weapons, they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz.Oil will be over $300/Barrel. Iran' (cont)
ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to comfort care instead of brain surgery. Repeal now!
Thewill fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
When the Super Committee fails,will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.
Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog...
Reporteris one boring and low vision guy!
Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If the (cont)
Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these:is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.
Instead of trash talkingon the world stage,should be defending
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. Time is money---The Art of the Deal.
has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog...
See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog....
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why didpromote the Arab Spring?
Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low.Is thisrecovery?
Watch What's America Worth?, hosted and narrated by me, this Sunday at 9PM on
The death tax should be abolished -- the Government issimply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
China 'scorns'US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect usand feels Obama is a dummy
Why isdelaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough
The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is thiseconomic recovery?
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
The economy won't fully recover until is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening.
Why isletting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? This is dangerous for our soldiers.
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcyprove thatis both corrupt and inept.
It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic.We can do better.
THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellitesThe Chinese government is not an American ally.
My thoughts oncampaign....
Why didliberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.
I only go on shows that get ratings, that's why I do andYour sho (cont)
New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows!
Why is the UN condemningand doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
In response tomy net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt, great as (cont)
sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence ofnews!
Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far underHe is a disaster.
Please only respond by tweetbecause like everyone else, I don't watch your show.
Now China is publicly supporting the OWS protestsIt's time for the protesters to go home.
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight onat 1AM EST
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomaticwindow is closed.
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog...
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.
When will our nation's sacrificesbe respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.
Watch me tonight at 9PM ET onfull hour.wonbefore taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting.
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren'sshow, On the Record, which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.
America needs to rebuild our infrastructure. Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads, bridge (cont)
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy, not a friend.
We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.
Late last Fridayannounced his 2011 budget deficitwas $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death,and the misery index...#trumpvlog
Bob Beckel, a commentator for FOX is bad for thebrand: is close to incompetent.
Doesever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
Everyone makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters. -- Midas Touch
The only jobcares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
is innocent.Italian government should pay for this travesty.
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville, VA, for a press conference and the grand opening.
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
Myinterview last night with
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.
Stop The China Curse --- Pass the China Currency Bill!
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
Great article in-the original apprentice
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this whatwanted?
now saysthat he is an underdog in 2012. America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate.
When willrelease an actual budget?
Check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions...
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
Stop The China Curse -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!
released documents late last Friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin (cont)
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.
Watchtonight on his show, Hannity, Fox News at 9 pm.I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Stree (cont)
I was onCNN last night with
Stop calling my office to do your show, I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you!
cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airsin February.
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare.
Why iscrude oil priced at $86/Barrel?OPEC isripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel.America needs new leaders.
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog
claims that all his choices were the right ones. I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat.is out of touch.
Bothand China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll backdamage.
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
has done nothing to help
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill.We should pass it immediately.
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich.
Why does the federal government send foreign aidto China? Unbelievable! Washington is financing America's de (cont)
Great meeting withyesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!
Read this about
I heard, because his show is unwatchable, thathas made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?
My new book Midas Touch in stores now....#trumpvlog
A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. A-Rod misrepresented to th (cont)
Myinterview ondiscussing The China Curse
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.
is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China.
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
The job plan byis nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?
Why isalways campaigning or on vacation?
My book, Midas Touch, with Robert Kiyosaki (Rich Dad, Poor Dad) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a grea (cont)
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
Sadly, Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.
Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities.-- Midas Touch w/
Printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes. The Fed is destroyin (cont)
Happy to have passed 800,000 followers.Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.
So much for creating American jobs-- gave $529 Million to a Green car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland.
is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
Myinterview last night ondiscussing OWS and incompetent leadership.
Our worst threat to unemployment is It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
A guy namedon FOX, their resident liberal, was not born with much of a brain.
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
Our country is blowing up andis out campaigning.
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susterentonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
More questions answered...#trumpvlog
If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protestingat the White House.
will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing--is our friend and ally.
My thoughts onin today's #trumpvlog....
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy.doesn't get it.
I find it really hard to listen tospeeches. He doesn't have a clue.
I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old tax and spend won't create jobs.
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia.
How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.
Obama Cares taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra
Myinterview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also
My interview which recently aired on CNBC's Squawk Box
My in (cont)
Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off. Output is low and the price is too high.They ar (cont)
Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.
My interview yesterday with
How can the economy ever recover whenkeeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
The American economy would grow if Washington didnt keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
Myinterview from last night withdiscussing yesterday's meeting with
The Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is today--and i (cont)
Government waste, fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term.
My thoughts on the Emmys in today's #trumpvlog....
America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox isnot freed---she is totally innocent.
has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine.
always makes me proud
It seemshad our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
Friends in NY-9, letknow that you don't approve of his mistreatment of Vote fortomorrow!
My interview yesterday withwhere I discuss Dick Cheney and China
job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately,Washington is incapable of simplifying anything.
Sleepy Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert.
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8.
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under
USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation.
Irans nuclear program must be stoppedby any and all means necessary.
stimulus will fail, just like the first.
My interview yesterday with
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box ....
Our deficit spending is Chinas gain.is bankrupting our country.
If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.
said yesterday that we have gone soft. How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't?
Had dinner withlast night---great guy, straight shooter, impressive record.
is actually right for once:Biden: Voters should blame Obama, not Bush, for economy.
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--senda message.
The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
My interview withlast night on'Missed His Opportunity'
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs.It has to stop!
I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video...
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.
I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's. In business it' (cont)
ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b (cont)
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
My interview withyesterday discussing by meeting with
Itdoesn't cost any money to think bigger.-- The Art of the Deal
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
US should have told Libya Rebels --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support.
Itseems there is never a problem for whichcannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
Can you imagine ifhad passed Cap and Trade?!Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.
Why is the UN planning to attacksovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
China does not negotiate from a position of strength, we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.
Really bad ratingsfor Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him!
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate.Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US.America will boom.
We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t (cont)
TheGolf Invitational featuring a performance bywas a great event. Enjoy the video....
If you're going to think--think big --- The Art of the Deal
A great interview ofin the @ globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto
Now is no time to cut military spending. We must remain strong. Our enemies are looking for weakness. I'm i (cont)
How manymore billions of dollars willcontinue to waste in these solar companies?
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy againstthis coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
Just finished speaking in Sydney, Australia, in front of 20,000 people and today I'm off to Melbourne for anot (cont)
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.
The Solyndra Scandal-- $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
When willpresent an actual budget? Enough with the games.
China is happy to learn thatplans to borrow another $300 Billion.is their favorite client.
called to set up a meeting. Haven't returned his call.
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
Very exciting. I will be at Macys Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
Great interview inof He makes me proud.
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
If only speeches could create jobs thenwouldn't have such a dismal economic record.
I applaudfor announcing that he will show up at the UN to defendA true US friend and great leader.
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
Myinterview from yesterday withdiscussing the economy, my trip to Australia,(cont)
Myinterview last night on-- On 2012:I'll Wait and See
Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC...
I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsfordhttp://bi (cont)
My interview from yesterday with
Why wasselling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.
method of spending the stimulus -- Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors.
-- honored and excited to be listed onThanks. BTW -- where are the jobs? Donald.
trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment.
is so inept that I think he simplymade a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him.
How will Mitt Romney defend hisrecord on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?
My interview from yesterday with #Apprentice Andy on
Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.
Crude is at $85 right nowisnt even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
Myinterview yesterday on CNBC's Squawk Box:Debt Deal a (cont)
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
Many people have been asking to see my plane, The Apprentice'swill give you a tour...
I'll beon Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
MUST release a budget beforebegins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
Looking forward to the GOPdebate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
The S&P downgrade is a direct result ofincreased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on50th birthday---coincidence?
I was on CNBC this morning talking about the market and America's financial future
I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower.Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m. (cont)
Amazing--Obama speaks, market goesDOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!
My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN
My interview last night with Greta on Fox News
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership, it can be stopped.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
is sure a master delegator.He has sentto China.The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.
China demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. Our leaders are hope (cont)
Wespent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil?
The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio (cont)
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.
You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and theshow here EST.
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---withopen support.
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
will enjoy today's #trumpvlog...
More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree.
Why didand his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
played golf yesterday. Now heheads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard.Nice work ethic.
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
Iran admits to aiding the Libyan Rebels and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn?
I'm very proud of the work my sonhas been doing with thetake a look...
China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
new job plan will certainly do the following1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China.
Economic growth can save Social Security, Medicare and America.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood, then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.
The UN is about to use its Assembly to attackWe should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp (cont)
As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch.
A good example of how our country wastes money...#trumpvlog
My interview withlast night -- Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'
The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejads confidant Rostam Ghasemi, a commander of the Revolutionar (cont)
Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over.
Your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog...
With gas prices rising and the economy failing, seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B
took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish hol (cont)
Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog....
wishes speeches could create jobs.His job is costing America all of ours.
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.
Morning Joe Panel is stealing many ofmy statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!
There is no substitute for private sector experience.
Republicans and Democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. This is not a go (cont)
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans -should answer all questions.
Countdown toas my former
#Apprentice Andy and I talk about politics an (cont)
My interview withon Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'
My interview this morning on Good Morning Americawith George Stephanopoulos
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book#trumpvlog
My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog...
He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launch
his radio showwith me tomorrow 6PM ET
It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
My interview with Greta last night on Fox News -- Nation Has Become All Talk, No Action'
Whilecontinues to defend ObamaCare in the courts, he is also granting companies waivers. Eve (cont)
has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
China owes us money....#trumpvlog
In today's #trumpvlog I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy...
Fast and Furious gun running goes all the way to the White House.We need answers now!
Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask!
The more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets.
Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates...
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Why I would not have approved the deal...#trumpvlog
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
Just as I predicted,was a complete disaster in China. He condoned the Chinese one-child policy an (cont)
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastestrillions.
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.
Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.
Mike Huckebee, a great guy, said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy.
inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.
Congress should get back to Washington, butdoesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.
We have spent over $1 Billion on theLibya operation. What are we getting back?
Our new Miss USA, Alyssa Campanella, came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder.
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on. - The Art of the Deal
Never quit and always hit back -- The Art of the Comeback
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses-- Watch the fine details in every deal -- The Art of the Deal
Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year isa mistake.
CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog...
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the DeficitAndtransferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it!
You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-A
My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox...#trumpvlog
Donald Trump the Song gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered?
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.
Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.The Art of the Deal
My interview yesterday from Newsmax - Obama Is'Now Totally Lost,'Boehner Must Not Fold
New on our YouTube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of Trump Golf
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog....
Check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of #celebrityapprenticefinale
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
The Gang of Six - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.
Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington ...
This is the best deal the Republicans could get?
Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog...
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama....
My interview from yesterday on Fox and Friends -- GOP Crazy IfThey Don't Get Everything TheyWant
I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular!
The GOP doesn't wastean opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. You are both great!
My appearance onfrom today....
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!
has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2ndAmendment rights.
You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood, and even the Arab world does not like it
My thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog...
Don't forget the Miss USA Pageant, live on Sunday night at 9 pm ET on NBC. And you can vote for your favorite beauty!
The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.--The Art of the Deal
Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ...
What is better advice- The Art of the Deal or Rules for Radicals? I know which oneprefers.
Increasing Americas debt weakens us domestically and internationally. - US Senator2007
House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!
Watch me on thetonight at 9pm. More thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.
I appreciate the kind words of Mike Huckabee, a fine American
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.
- Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this?
#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now, don't letpush you around....
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog.
Vote for the next Miss USA...#VEGASusa11 #MissUSA
Whileseeks to further destroyour credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President.
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
Check out my speech from last Fridayas well as my appearance this morning on
If onlywas as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
Who will be the nextFind out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com#TeenUSA
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on #trumpvlog
Message for House GOPThe worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of the Deal.
Unfortunately continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella, Miss California---our new MIss USA!
I just got Mike Leach's new book,Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach, and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading.
Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America.
Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy.
My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo
Get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night --don't miss it!
Your most popular tweet answered, why I'm holding off on a Presidential bid...#trumpvlog
Ronald Kessler's new book The Secrets of the FBI is a great book that should be read by everyone.
Every dollarspends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
Take a look at and to see these beautiful hotels.
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight onat 1 a.m.So proud of her!
Mr. Speaker, bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling.
Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location.
Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.
China is our enemy--they want to destroy us -- Redstate Interview
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea.
My interview onlast night- Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion'
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
is having an online competition - vote
I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge!
Debt Ceiling- Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal.
My thoughts on last night's meeting within today's #trumpvlog...
Please readand watch a recent trip made to Trump Vineyard Estates by
Know when to walk away from the table. The Art of the Deal
and the 2011 contestants stopped by Trump Tower yesterday, watch the video...#MissUSA #VEGASusa11
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again within today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE.
My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her, you can see her again tonight onat 7 pm ET
has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great deal
THe Art of the Deal--The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. CUT, CAP and BALANCE.
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth oftheir daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
Obama, sadly, has no business or private sector background---and it shows.
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend, a great celebration for a great country.
is right. We need to create more taxpayers, not more taxes. CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.
Watch my appearances on Good Day NY...and
Whiletries to push gun control--He still has not answered for Project Gun Runner
Thanks--and Happy New Year to you.
Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her Melania Timepieces & Jewelry collection...
Good luck.
I was speaking with Don Imus this morning....
Yes--he is a great guy!
Thanks, it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year.
Check out my most recent interview with CNN...
I answered your questions in today's video... watch at
Even more--thanks.
Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto, Wolf Blitzer, Fox & Friends, and Larry Kudlow....check out
HeyOh, I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 onCentral.
Watch my latest video blog....
You have to set higher and higher goals.You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.Think BIG
Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice...
The Art of the Deal is a good start.
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.- Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012)
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
Spolier alertthe record setting 13th season of All Staralso features the return of previous winners in the boardroom.
Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump atand read this article
More of your questions answered in today's video at
Also here is my appearance on Neil Cavuto
Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video
Catch me on Fox News right now, my interview with Neil Cavuto
Leverage: dont make deals without it.The Art of The Deal
I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork
Check out ShouldTrumpRun....
Guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so weve made it available for purchase!
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.
Myinterview re: how the debt ceiling is key point, the fiscal curb &amp; why we must &amp; can make a great deal.
Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET
I answered some of your questions in today's video...
I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia.
Sorry to hear of yesterdays passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf.He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.
Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel..
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...
is having a poll, cast your vote for me at
My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog...
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement!
Coming up in March: The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump. March 15, mark your calendars.
NY Jets center, Nick Mangold, interns for Trump. Watch Trump's Fabulous World of Golftonight 9PM ET on Golf Channel
Thank you.
Hopefully this answers your question...#trumpvlog
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprenticealso an observation I made recently
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast, March 15th at 10:30 pm, for the Roast of Trump
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
Don't forget to tune in to the Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC. The fireworks continue....
Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday ...
Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC for another surprising and exciting episode
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--&amp; probably shouldn't be.
New The Next Generation videos
Yes!
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.So they will probably do it.
Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7), I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour..
Watch You've Got Donald Trump at
Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family---master golf course designers....
My appearances on and
Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump atI'm willing to answer your questions, tweet me....
Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too.
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprenticeas well as my latest video blog at
I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here
Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC.
Thank you.
My appearance on The View...and
Check out my interview on
My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here...
Check out today's video blog
I want to answer more of your questions, tweet me.....
Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com
Have you?
Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look ontonight at 10:30/9:30c
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday nightdont miss it!
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
Visiting New York City?Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central ParkGreat for the whole family!
Hey cummingsyou call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on
A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice...#trumpvlog
Watch my appearance on
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.They can get everything they want.Focus!
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News
Check out my interview from MSNBC at
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
...when they have no environmental restrictions! America' s workers need us.
This is about the money I gave to charity--and in response to your comments about Gadhafi...
March 3rd.
Thanks--have fun!
Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obamavia
My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog....
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News.
Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job.
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.I can tell who reads my books and who doesnt.#MidasTouch
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST
I was on CNN yesterday.....
Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours.
FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington, DC
From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up atand
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures, in baseline spending, so we can get our credit back.
Watch as I humiliate a dais full of talent.#TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30c on Comedy Central
I hope so.
Thanks-- is a total joke--just like
Very wrong dopey!
Worst ever issue ofmagazinebad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
Our newOlivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.She is a wonderful role model.
Back by popular demand,andare co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant.They are great!
Miss Universe contestants are amazingthe most beautiful ever!
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser!
WatchOlivia Culpo crownedas2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant
March 3rd.
Work hard, play hard and live to the hilt. - Think Like a Billionaire
The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. - Dalai Lama
Great move!
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM onwith its first simulcast on
Thanks!
Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner!
. looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!
Sounds like the best place!
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago, it was on life support...
Thanks Kevin, I tell the truth.
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
How iseditor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!
To be successful, you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.Think BIG
Thank you Susan.
Im a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. Its a natural reflex.The Art of The Deal
Thanks Matt.
Washington is in total gridlockno trust, no leadershipvery interesting!
I agree!
My Mondayinterview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards
The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victorias Secret women!
Must readcolumn by Senator Phil Gramm - The Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidies
China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs, yet our leaders are claiming 'progress'SAD!
Thanks Joey!
Yes, Regis is the best!
I hope Newtown CT can now start to healbut it wont be easy!
Good.
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageantairing tonight onat 8 oclock.
Thanks Lisa
They were both terrific!
...now its the greatest pageant on earth-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion peoplehot!
I agree on both counts!
Fun!
You can and you will--work hard.
Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeirovia Hispanically Speaking News
Congratulations to--- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
. really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
. Donald Trumpjust crossed 73.5 million views on Youre welcome Mac!
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp; we would have a Republican presidentthey wouldnt listen.
Thanks!
Miss Universe Ratings -- 6.1 Million Viewers Best Since 2008
Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years.likes me (and I like them!)
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
ViaMiss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss UniverseRatings increase 15% over last year.
The Apprentice will be great!
I hate hearing after all of the hard work thatnever wanted to become President.
Hard work but fun.
Back by popular demand, the fabulousreturns to the record setting 13th season of All Star The fans love him!
There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lagoin Palm Beach, Florida.
Donald Trump: GOP Has Nuclear Weapon In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation, But They Dont Know Itvia
Thanks Allison!
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.
This is a buyers market.Buy now.You will thank me in 3 years.
... So if you want to aim high, you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road. - Think BIG
Thanks Justin.
No, that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY)
You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed.
I will!
Happy Birthday Leah
Okay, I think Im going to do itIll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them allby far!
I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free!
Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also, his food sucks!
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonightIm thinking about it!
Its Thursday.How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
You get what you vote for.US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again
She was great!
Thanks and good luck.
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
Good reason for a celebration.
Deals are my art form.I like making deals, preferably big deals.The Art of The Deal
Thanks!
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
Republicans rememberdebt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceilingbe smart and you will win!
True!
. America's Got Talent uses you, the show will fail like all your others!
Thanks Jaime, Happy Holidays
When renovations are completed, Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.
Hi John
He is a loser who will self-destruct,just like
Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.
I hope so!
Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted!
Thank you.
The Art of the Deal.
. Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn.
Dopeynever went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit.
Good move!
In moments like this,we are all just Americans. I join with the President, religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotchvia
ViaThe Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
...If you plan for the worstif you can live with the worstthe good will always take care of itself.
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time.Midas Touch
The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news, killing country.
Re Life:Life is very fragile and success doesnt change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.
I never went bankrupt.
Dopey Sugar I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!
You cant con people, at least not for long.If you dont deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on. - The Art of The Deal
TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONSby
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.My offer still stands to buy the property.Good deal for everyone.
Greatwe are sending even more F-16s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt This is a total disaster.
The Chinese are smart.They bought up over $7B in US housing last year U.S. is busy making China even richer.
I also protect myself by being flexible.I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.The Art of The Deal
DopeyI'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are.
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog'
Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard!
Back by popular demand, TV personalityreturns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' Marilu does great!
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on bothand Will be a beautiful show!
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
Thanks Cody
Happy Birthday
I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Hi Jean
March 3rd--tune in!
Dopey, I never filed for bankruptcy.
For those of you in trouble(in these troubled times)never, ever give up!
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th onand
Great win by theyesterday.If they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
I believe in spending what you have to.But I also believe in not spending more than you should.-The Art of The Deal
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
A horrible day for Newtown, CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job!
ViaDonald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me'
There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.You have to love what you do. - Think Big
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of He is useless.
We cant even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.China is laughing at us.It is really sad.
I still don't get howspent $400 million &amp; lost all.
Donald Trump: Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be A Favor To The Countryvia
.If you didnt say the iPod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
China is about to acquire a unit of AIG, which we bailed out, for $5.5B China is making great deals on our backs.
Re Real Estate: You dont necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal
If you love your work, the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment.Think Big
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
You get what you vote for.21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013
To Tom Bradyand Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
Donald Trumps Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claimsvia
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
Sorry for such silencespent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Floridajust bought it, will be great!
Starts March 3
Today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
March 3rd. Tune in!
The lunatics in Congress banned the word lunatic from Congress last week Busy doing the peoples work!
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
Negotiation tip #1:The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
Thanks Hailey- you sound great!
Mogul Donald Trump has many powerful friends. And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour.via
Dopey SugarIsnt it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got best new course in the worldits worth more than you are!
Video game violence &amp; glorification must be stoppedit is creating monsters!
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.Rev.
Thanks Derek- and true!
Trump Miss Universe, simulcast onandon December 19th, will once again deliver an entertaining and beautiful show!
Thanks Joe.
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible.
This is such a special time to be in New York City.No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of Really good show.
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.A great fight!
Its Tuesday.How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
Dopey Sugar I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill!
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
China is buying so many of our companies-- its really getting bad.
Thank you
Negotiation tip #2:I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
you can enhance location through promotion and work.
I never went bankrupt.
Many people still out of power in Staten Island.Absolutely ridiculous.Why can't they get service?
It's a great hotel and city, glad you enjoyed it.
Dopey Sugar Bad ratings--come on, keep making me money--remember, I own your show.
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
Dopey Sugarare the worst kind of losera total fool.
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends Dangerous for us but great news for China.
Dopey SugarYou should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
I never went bankrupt.
No money wasted like bad adsthe Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it.
Hes back and causing more trouble than ever before!returns in the record 13th season of All Star
Fans like winners. They come to watch starsgreat, exciting players who do great exciting things. - The Art of The Deal
. re: my Scottish course Quite simply, this is not the best new links course in the UK, it is the best links course, full stop
Happy Anniversary Teresa
In light of Newtown, our country has to pull together.
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
I letcome back on the record 13th season of All Starafter he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.So if you want to aim high, you have be able to handle the bumps.Think Big
All the things I love is what my business is all about. -
I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't!
Tell Top Scot Michael Forbes to clean up his propertyit is an embarrassment to Scotland.
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
Dopey Sugar The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland...
Thank you.
Youre all wrongcheck the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotlands wind turbines &amp; the people dont want them.
Glenfiddich is a jokeshould have chosen Andy MurrayU.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold winneras Top Scot instead of a total loser!
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions
And you looked great last night Lara.
Soon--thanks.
...You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
The greatest compliment of all--thanks!
I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp; a total loser.
Kris, great place, enjoy!
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting!
Thank you
Twisted Sister frontmanshines in the record 13th season of All StarThe Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
Dopeyin the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US, that was a good day for you...
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump.
....on ruining Scotlands beauty with ugly &amp; costly wind turbines?
Sugar:working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
. - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be dead, finished, gone, kaput Great business foresight.
. is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway.
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early.During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
Yes--it is great!
True--thanks.
Thanks
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ...
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won't--unlike Sugar, I'm not stupid!
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Todays welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
I will!
Thanks Jeff.
...You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
Thanks Rob!
. Dan, of course stories on me do well.Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.TV was not your forte.
True!
There are 2 things Ive found Im very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.The Art of The Deal
Thanks
Happy Birthday Andrew
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule.Case is taught in Wharton.
We are way over the fiscal cliff.And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months, it may be too late.
.If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
True--but keep up the good work!
Work hard and love what you do!
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park, it came in $750,000 under budget..
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintouran ambassadorship.She is a winner &amp; really smart!
Speakerseems to have gained strength in housea good thing!
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. --Douglas MacArthur
I dont see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
Sugar, if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won!
Sugar Unlike yours, my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers &amp; would not be impressed.
Your performance was great last night--BQ will win.
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
Thanks.
Don't be so sure!
So do most smart people!
Thank you.
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
Sugar Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
Work hard!
Wow--very nice!
Dopey, same people voting over &amp; over again? Andy Murray #1 by far.
is such an embarrassment thatis keeping him off airRove should be out of politics. A total loser!
Thank you.
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice.
Thanks Darlene.
He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner!
You would not even believe how dirty &amp; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich.
Thanks
I like thinking big.To me its very simple: if youre going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.The Art of The Deal
No, his ignorance!
Dopey Sugarworth more than $8 billion, acknowledged, almost no debt ...
Thank you.
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceilingbut it doesnt seem that way!
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!
Dopey Sugar....Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.Keep making me money.
The record 13th season of All Starfeatures the return of the beautifulThe fans love her!
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
. you wouldnt notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
. you cant make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!Trump 101.
Sugarshould say thank you, Donald, like a good little boy... ...
David--I hear you are jealous &amp; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers!
Thanks and yes!
ViaTrump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship
Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy.
Thanks--and good luck.
Via Awards for Trumps golf course
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show youd be nothing!
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful. -- Norman Vincent Peale
Thanks!
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Dont bother, just keep making me money!
Can't pick a favorite--thanks.
Sugar:you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
Dopey People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets...
Thank you.
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotlands garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.Really bad deal for
.child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
Always enjoy appearing on&amp;were terrific yesterday.
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400Mnot one win(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilionvia
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
Comicbombed at University of Texas at Arlingtoncrowd was dismal as was his performanceI told you so!
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television showsa ratings machinebut because of Apprentice have been loyalto NBC.
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club &amp; be tremendous success.
Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food, good prices. Enjoy your visit.
One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.THE ART OF THE DEAL
. shines in the record 13th season of All Star The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
Thank you tofor her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record Inflation is coming...
Thanks!
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious. -- Sun Tzu
Thanks!
Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations.
I'll be honoredat the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
. editor ofexplained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True!
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
Its about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NYan A--&amp; the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp; 5th.
My son,is in Memphis at St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital...
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
Agreed.
Great defense by thethis weekendcongratulations to6 points allowed!
Was withyesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy!
In calling my tweets obnoxious,says I sure know how to keep them wanting more.They are welcome.I just tell it like it is.
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see Lincoln.
Its Thursday.How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. -- Peter Drucker
FMof Scotland spent more than $750,000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!
Very nice, thanks.
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
A clip from guest hostingyesterday ondiscussing Halle, Angus and Gen. Petraeus
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named the golf course of the year and which has brought ...
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- Winston Churchill
Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguayvia
Good luck Joe!
7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' No surprise.
Fan favoriteonce again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy!
You won't be disappointed!
A-Rodhad hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the druggies have bad hips.
Thanks--you will love it.
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways.#Sandy
Networks are all wanting me to do showslike it or not a ratings machine! but time, I run a really big company!
QBis a very special player.He is exciting to watch and smart on the field.Amazing talent.
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.They are hungry, motivated and eager to learn.Proves America can still be great.
Back by popular demand, the record 13th season of All Starfeatures the return of Our fans will be happy.
Its often necessary to boast, but its even better if others do it for you.Think Like A Billionaire
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lostbadlyto me &amp; Andy Murray, a true Scot, who won the U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold?
Visiting LA?Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf ClubThe #1 public course in the country!
Theshould break A-Rod's contract immediatelyhe misrepresented.
I am very proud offor her work withis a great cause helping children
Hi Sage
I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink
I agree--and thanks.
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel.The OPEC monopoly must be broken.They are robbing our country blind.
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp;Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party.
Great that Pres. O is seeingtodaylots of good things can happen.
Larry, thank you and keep up the great work!
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the fiscal cliff.They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
The Trump Tower restaurant, Trump Grill, just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible, Athe food is also great!
Scottish government havinghuge backlash on wind turbines.is becoming very unpopular.
... The Republicans just didnt resonate with the peoplebut they will have better days.
Im surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Hallein the long run it was a wise decision.
Thanks Wendy.
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the David is an exceptional player and person.
Pervert alertserial sexteris making another step towards a comebackAll girls under 18 should block him.
Thanks.
Congratulations tofor winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows
Thanks!
. (Brian Williams, anyone?) says women warriors are every bit as tough as the guys. Just think about that statement!
Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fighthe became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
Obama is totally tweaking the Republicans because he doesnt respect themtheyve got to change their ways.
Happy Birthday and best wishes.
Thanks, it will be great.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.
Thanks!
Motivation is key, so is momentum.
... Time for the Republicans to find someone newand better.
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didnt win one race, including the big one!
Golf Odyssey, one of golf's most respected publications, just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland golf course of the year
...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country!
As I said onthis a.m., you have to give Obama credithe won! ...
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy!
will do great in his new talk show on CBS. Hes really got what it takes!
Now that its almost over, I cant believe that unions &amp; management couldnt save Twinkies etc--&amp; management just got a
$1.75Mbonus.
But hard work!
Logan: You are wrong on this-- is a tough &amp; talented guy--&amp; very loyal--a rarity in life.
Ivanka Trump defends her dadvia
True!
NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness NYC loves the NYPD.
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA, I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on
You cant know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity. -- The Way To The Top
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season, reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek.
With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.Both sides need to work together.
A great place!
Thanks--it will be great.
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines.
Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are locatedall for unreliable, bad &amp; expensive energy!
Thanks, it was wonderful.
. has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design.We should offset the thievery from our debt..
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.-- Dale Carnegie
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress They deserve to be there!
A great compliment.
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
I was nice to loserand she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!
Thanks
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. --
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
On December 19th thepageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers.
I also protect myself by being flexible.I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.THE ART OF THE DEAL
A president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him...
For those asking, my son,makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of$$, all of it for
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan remains significantly undervalued
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing, story is dead and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it!
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment. -- Harry S. Truman
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.I bet they wish they had all that money back!
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
You can benefit from others wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer. -- The Way To The Top
Thanks Debbie
...and borrow cheap!You will thank me someday.
This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil A 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone. Outrageous!
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year That's money that could be spent here.
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready, our country is in big trouble!
Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!
Work hard!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking. --George S. Patton
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Thanks!
You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast. -- Think Big
Theis doing amazing work helping the children...
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. -- Harry S. Truman
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.With the PMs radical tax rates...
The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.THE ART OF THE DEAL
I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friendOlympic medalsa record that will never be broken.
Glad to see my interview with Ronald KesslerHopefully thecan get the message.
Are you ready for the All Staris back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!
Thanks and Happy Holidays.
Its more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough, but theyre not smart.Think Like A Billionaire
US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms'Write to Alex Salmond: firstminister
I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing!
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. -- Douglas MacArthur
Think of yourself like a one-man army.You're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well.Think Like A Billionaire
... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital-- I am proud of you Eric.
I am going to givea pass. is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.-- Mark Twain
. actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
Want to know why China is growing?They can build the worlds tallest building in 90 daysRed tape would kill it here.
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
RT Donald Trump: Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections via
True!
Congratulations and all the best to you.
Jointo getto 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer.
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode,over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan...
What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big.--Think Big
I am very truthful!
Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others. -- The Way To The Top
Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate. Think Like A Billionaire
It does not cost anything to dream.Spend your time enjoying your big dreams. -- Think Big
They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.
FLASHBACKDonald Trump Answers Boys Prayer for New Bikevia
In war there is no substitute for victory. -- Douglas MacArthur
Ivanka is a great example.
The upcoming All Star season ofhasreturning to compete.She doesnt disappoint!
Thanks!
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.If taxes are raised, they must come with real, hard cuts.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
Thanks
To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do. -- Think Big
Thanks!
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
Thanks Keith!
...It's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff, then they must be accompanied by tangible, hard cuts on spending everywhere.
Agreed.
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
When youre hot the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
Pres. Obamas steady support ofthroughout this crisis helped stop the war.He did a good job.
I still cant get over how the Republicansmy friendsspent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads.
. is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of Amazing in the boardroom...
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday and talked trade. The Chinese are robbing us blind--be tough!
Love what you do!
Thank you!
We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction. --Douglas MacArthur
It will be great!
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
March 3rd.
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.He will never be our true ally!
I will Paul, thanks.
With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
. trying to get your hotelier boyfriend backa lost causehe can do much better!
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida--great land, great location, great future!
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
Thanks!
I agree
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
Don't be scared--we will come back.
. CEOs salary in 2011 was $951,957. Where is the outrage?
The upcoming record 13th season ofis going to be very special.Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal.Smart.Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity!
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry, but I must. It's my nature.
Busy dayworking on buying a major propertyand creating lots of jobs.
. calling my office for me to do your rather gross show--I have less interest in you than Andre.
Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective. -- Andrew Mellon
Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.The Art of the Deal
If the government doesn't start working together, the media is right &amp; we will hit a fiscal cliff.We need to avoid this.
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!
First of all, you don't necessarily need the best location.What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
I understand your message.
. Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase This is only the beginning. They only understand toughness!
Scaryin the past 90 days, Obama has set over 6,125 regulatory burdensTerrible for the economy.
Rapper Mac Miller's song, Donald Trump has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!
Obamas own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care The new reality.
Thanks!
I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on. -- The Midas Touch
You sound great!
I agree, he is amazing.
All because of me- people dont care about you Cher.My week on twitter 1k retweets , 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions.
A former classmate, Roy Eaton, has published a great book, Makers, Shakers &amp; Takerscheck it out
We are fully supportive ofright to defend itself. --
--Very good, I like it.
After Fridays Twilight release, I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!
Donald Trump's Guns by
who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.Walt Disney
Don't forget Benghazi.
. should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
My fragrance--Success-- is flying off the shelvesThe perfect Christmas gift!
It is, thanks.
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing.
A house divided against itself cannot stand. --Abraham Lincoln
He is on and he's great!
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much. - The Art of the Deal
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
True!
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
. who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
I agree!
Celebrate 2013with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now:
It makes me feel so good to hit sleazebags back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
Congratulations to on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled All In. Did she know something?
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandyduring Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
Interesting!
The World Bank is tying poverty to climate change And we wonder why international organizations are ineffective.
...they are costly, inefficient, bird killing, community destroying machines. They are obsolete!
Good!
Its amazing how people can talk about me but Im not allowed to talk about them.
Thank you Joey
Fantastic!
.David--Thank you, my great honor for a very worthy cause!
To aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies arent talking about you, then you arent doing well...and must work harder!
.Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel, windmills are terrible for the environment
Help those affected by #Sandy.is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 tofor #sandyrelief.
. Thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
Myinterview discussing the Benghazi cover-up, Hostess' closing &amp; celebrating Thanksgiving with family
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid, while their causes are seeing very little...
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.An iconic event for New York!
Thanks Erek
Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt.Think Like A Billionaire
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.Vince Lombardi
Dummy--I never went bankrupt.
With the run on our dollar about to take place, commodity prices will rise. Gold, silver, &amp; timber will spike-- also, certain real estate.
They must actually like me!
Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter, like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.
. dont wear a rugits mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didnt work.
Trump Towers, Istanbul, Sisli will be one of the countrys top landmarks
You are very nice, thank you.
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Thanks!
Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April openinggreat news...
Old story, one of which I publicly disapproved. My sons love hunting, I dont.
I did--thanks for remembering.
Trump could be great friend if Second Amendment enthusiasm is realvia
Thanks!
Thanks Mark
Sunday, March 3--thanks!
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.
--Harry S. Truman
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
Don't take vacations.What's the point?If you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job.-- Think Like A Billionaire
Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration.
No surprise thatis in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.Any network that airsgarbage has zero credibility.
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
Brian, I hopeisn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
Our country is now in serious and unprecedentedtrouble...like never before.
Millions without electricity across NY &amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obamas massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can.Can get a great deal.
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
How come every time I show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdownstupid or dishonest people?
thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!
. your documentary cost you less than $3,000 to makewhere did you get that kind of money?
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to firefor hiscomments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused.
A test: tweet me the reasonwas fired from(other than his bad ratings).
The only thing more boring thannewscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratingsa disaster!
Wow, I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.
Congrats toon blowing $400 million this cycle. Every raceran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
Well, back to the drawing board!
We have to make America great again!
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees hours due to Obama Care.Reality is setting in.
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport, a terrible situation!
At the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race.GOP needs to do better!
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70,000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings.
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article
Remember to watch the series finale of The Men Who Built America this Sunday at 8/7c on
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Brian, if I'm well past the last exit to relevance how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night?
Amazing, various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about...
.I predict somebody is going to sue you!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian WilliamsI guess people just dont care about Brian!
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.They have never had it so good.Will own America soon.
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light. --George Washington
China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes They will be sent to patrol our coasts, Obama won't do anything.
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.We will fight on!
. Only the stupidwould air your garbageno wonder they are in such deep trouble.
I have had the pleasure of getting to know&amp;this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club.
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
I love show Law and Order but thecasting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler shipproduction to China--my prediction.
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
. documentary works better than any sleeping pillin fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp; he would be President.
.Anthonydid you illegally take clips from the Lettermanshow andwithout their approval?
When someone attacks me, I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather, a way of life!
. is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on Law and Order?
Ive sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.Welcome tosecond term.
It is that time of the year.The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.The greatest ice rink in the country.
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing.
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release, food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high
. you love to have my ratings?
Whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Lettermanhad Brian Williamsas guest last night, I was on last Thursday
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp; yet the Republicans lostdo you think they might be doing something wrong!
. I'm sending you a check to help find a cure.says hi.
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop.
. says hes glad we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands hurting, MSNBC (cont)
Why do so many people say I hate President ObamaI dont hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
. Dummy,thanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeensales are thru the roof &amp; Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
Shes baaack!needs me to salvage her dying career. But it wont help-- shes got no talent &amp; no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
The voting booth process was a total disasterit could and should be much better and more efficienttremendous room for error!
I'm a skeptical guy, but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.
China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine They will end up stealing the design from us as usual.
Yesterday was Veterans Day.I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.This nation loves and respects all of you.
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.They love a weak America that they can rip off.
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. -- J. P. Morgan
Price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
I will and I agree! RT
you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?!
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong, vote for
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
Remember to watch the series finale of The Men Who Built America this Sunday at 8/7c on
...Itrounced him in ratings &amp; Letterman beatlast Thursday. Brianare you irrelevant?
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth!
. Condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes.
I got to knowvery wellhe is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded againThanks for letting us know now
. knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet, some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!
Its hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.
Of the 9 battleground states, we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of&amp; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention.
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
Never ever quit, never give up - Donald J. Trump, The Art of the Deal.
Pervert alert. is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
Many political pundits are using the term Art of the Deal.... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.
Gary Johnson is asking people to waste their vote on him. Make it count - vote for
Make sure to catchseason finale of The Men Who Built America on Sun, November 11th.Great show.
.P.S. Your brotheris doing very well onhe stated he adores you.
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street, Manhattan
Thank you tofor your nice statement about me in the
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home atoverlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther. -- J.P. Morgan
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.Dont let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.Kick him out of office tomorrow.
Only 1 mill. dollarsOffer me real money and Id consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
After 13 seasons,easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well.
I believe in the America that never gives up, never stops striving, never ceases believing in itself. --11.2.12
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words---
In the heart of the city, Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property True luxury at its finest.
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines, don't let your vote be stolen
This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery. --
I never went bankrupt.
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
Remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
. When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for
Thanks Gary.
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
Great article in theby Ben Garrett--Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming
Reality TVs #1 Bad Girlis back on the upcoming 13th season of All StarShe is great as always.
---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?
. Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered dead television. Besides, you are not the star (&amp; never will be).
True!
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12What tookso long to release this footage?
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.They are praying Obama wins.
Yes!
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems, notify the poll workers.
We dont want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Like Al Sharpton,apologized to me for calling me a racist onaccepted!
Obama is angry, frustrated and desperate.He said voting is the best revenge He is divisive.
Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked
Could be the hurricane helpsare rioting in the streets over gasoline
In 08, America voted for Hope &amp; Change.Instead, we got incompetency.Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
Remember when you vote, Obamacare is a disaster!
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't theterminating his contract for misrepresentation?
Considering Obama hasnt proposed anything concrete, if he wins he wont have a mandate.Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
Obama just stated It's always good to ignore Donald Trump. I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
ViaA New Direction For America by
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!
Undecideds in OH,PA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Make sure to vote today.Vote for real change.Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp; strong America.Vote for
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday ontomorrow morning.
Nice mention by Brian Kelly
Conservative Action Alerts
Voting foris voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
Change cant be measured in speeches.It is measured in achievements. --yesterday in Fairfax, VA.
Its extremely cold in NY &amp; NJnot good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
. Lettermanhad his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.
A wonderful place.
Watch this behind the scenes video ofFall 2012 collection photo shoot-
Thank you!
. should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback.
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win, lose, or draw, Ill be there!
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fastproduction will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
will turn this mess around!
I thinkshould take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT:Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.
. is doing a great job!
Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market China wants to deplete our resources here at home.
Before you vote, think: Obama wants to raise taxes,wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Tomorrows election will have historic repercussions for our country.Make America strong again.Vote for
Dummyis at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
Then he wouldn't be president.
China is worried. The polls are trending forThey wont be able to steal from us anymore.
Save Medicare.Vote for He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
No, his facts are very bad for him.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Myinterview discussing the close election, the enthusiasm gap between Mitt &amp; Obama &amp; the fiscal cliff
Thanks
Me voting--- it really is my hair!
If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid. Thanks Walter D!
Must be careful &amp; smart!
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters, make sure you report it immediately.
Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters.Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun
Despite the upcoming election, the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012.His promises are worthless!
Pennsylvania is in playAll undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08 Don't let them intimidate you!
Myinterview discussingendorsement oftomorrow's election and Sandy's victims
Obamas policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production We can't afford 4 more years.
.They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
. is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
. Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didnt want you to buy a team--- but I dont think you have the money anyway.
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsingNot surprising
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.There is no excuse why people dont have electricity or fuel yet.
.Alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails.
In the 1950s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy.Wrong!
Obama has destroyed the middle class.In 09, median household income was $55,198.Now it is $50,678.Four more years?
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expandingObama's policies are unsustainable
Yes.
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
The polls &amp; momentumare trending towardsDon't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Congratulations toon getting the&amp;endorsements!
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
President Obama, if it is important to you, I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
Chinas stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of lossesTheir market gains the day we are hit by storm
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency.
Watch the clip fromwhere the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obamas choice, once he releases all of his records.
Part 1 of myinterview discussing my $5M offer to Obama, #TRUMP Tower atrium, my tweets &amp; 57th st. crane
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
. of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel- A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
How does a dummy likeget a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. You'd thinkcould do a lot better.
Spoiler-- has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of
The election is trending towardsAmericans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media.
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
I never fall for scams.I am the only person who immediately walked out of my Ali G interview
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office.
Lets be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp; Long Island.
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
President Obama missed the deadline!
Obama our Welfare &amp; Food Stamp President, is praising himself for expanding welfare He doesn't believe in work.
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes,wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
All weights are on crane's wrong side ---very precarious below, move out!
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
. disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler movejobs to China after the election.
. called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly, I won't be able to do it.
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you!
. came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted!
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obamas lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
Fans shouldn't worry.We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season ofappropriately due to the storm.
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap, I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont)
RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity
Do you believeis blaming global warming for the hurricane?
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks, staff!
Looking at the figures and plans behindacquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid(cont)
Part 2 of myinterview giving away somespoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured, blowing in the breeze.
Without focus, it's just impossible to be successful at anything. --Midas Touch
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
. acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
Unemployment is now 7.9%.Four years and $6.5T later, that is really bad!
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the countryMiami is hot!
. called me a master marketeer last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp; people come.
Myinterview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate, and I would be a star.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -- Dale Carnegie
With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
We should not allowto movejobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned!
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
Photo: Lloyd Bishop/NBC
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
Romneys $2 Billion Sacrifice for America By Chris Ruddy
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium --- unlike others, I stayed open.
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?And he continues to lie to the public!
Myinterview discussing the 57th St. crane, damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
I will start reviewing various political reporters etc &amp; websites as to their professionalism &amp; fairnessmany people asking for this.
Press release. Video response to follow.
Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
Glad to hear thatwill be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.Taylor is terrific!
To allsupporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.
Thanks!
#TRUMP International Reality will be Americas premiere real estate brokerage house w/ the most distinctive services.
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Why is Obamas auto bailout now creating jobs in China?He is ruining American industry.
President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
I was standing withwhen a young high school star, Kevin Garnettsaid to a crowd Forget Shaq, I want to meet Donald Trump.
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.
Scary.Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.4 more years?
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business, we need a president who understands business and I do --
Trump offers $5 million for Obama college, passport records By
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific!
Myinterview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama, his lack of transparency &amp; my tremendous support
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at theconvention.
Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records via
TRUMPS BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HELL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMAS CHOICE IF...By
tries so hard to be a star. But, he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will.
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
Thanks, it was a great show..
I puton Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont)
Excited to announce that&amp;will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
Thanks I will.
Thanks Tylar
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
Whileis an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct.
is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!
Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants wind turbines manufactured here in ChinaI don't think this was a gaffe.
Thanks, I hope you enjoyed it, had a great time.
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on&amp;december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer &amp; give $1,250,000 to each family of the four...
I fully supported McCain but when he lost, hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't.
Pretty audacious for Obama to calla BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
What people don't know aboutis that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont)
I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna andatIll bet she wont be there for long!
A lot changed when David Letterman saidhe was probably born in this country--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
Stupid Ariannahired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
Watch me explain on thehow my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency
Donald Trump Defends His Big Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'via
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
How doesget a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past.
Sounds like a good idea.
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.Everyone wins.Take the deal.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
I knew last year thatMagazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets.
I just learned thathas no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denialstands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
Lettermanwas great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity....
. talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?
Glad to hearsupports my offer to Obama.As Sean says it is an easy $5 million to charity.What does Obama have to lose?
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
By the way, where isGood question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway, who cares, I adore Oprah.
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was professionally dead. I saved her tiny...
.did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
. Barbara, unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!
.Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!
... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek.
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.Why can't he release his records?Especially when $5M is going to charity.
Dave Lettermansaid during my interview that Obama was probably born in the US--the word probably is a disaster for Obama.
The election is still close but trending towardHe leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Dopey Ariannais really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
I guesssaw my ratings on thethe other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill, you are no Letterman.
Be careful of an Obama bomb to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
I agree.
Donald Trump TellsAbout His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOTby
has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say?
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
I hope so for the charity's sake
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
Our side needs Donald Trump. --onshow last night.Thanks Ann.
McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific!
Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcriptsvia
Great idea.
If my offer is refused, every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!
. shouldnt be too upset over He will always do great!
A clip from last night'swhere I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades
Sarah Jessica Parker voted unsexiest woman aliveI agree. She said its beneath me to comment on the...
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
Just stated by a total pro: You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking.
Based on the ovation last night from the Lettermanaudience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
Great! Last nightwinner&amp; alumnipacked OH stadium rallying w/
Still waiting for an explanation about why&amp;did not name their son Donald.Unbelievable.
The dealmaker is cunning, secretive, focused and never settles for less than he wants. --The America We Deserve
I hope Derek Jeters recovery is going well.He is a very special player and a great guy.New York loves him.
China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports We needto rein them in.
... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
Doing David Lettermantonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying theHow much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
Wow! Letterman showwon the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
.will apologize to me just like she did when I was right aboutBesides, I get great ratings on The View.
Only because he has something to hide.
RTto Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records#Election2012
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns, you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go.
In light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.
True!
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attackedin Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable.
I hopeof America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont)
I always said thathad to keep fighting the charges. By stopping, he gave his enemies an opening.
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice
Last night was the first time Obama said we instead of I in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent, from a director's point of view. -- Steven Spielberg
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy. has many openings to attack, especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert &amp; Kristen.I don't have time except to say Robert, drop her, she cheated on you &amp; will again!
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
Newly released NH poll haswith a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
Rev. is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on
They succeed, because they think they can. -- Virgil
.convention came in over $3M under budget.Baracksconvention is over $10M in debt.What a surprise!
As stated, here is the press release.
. when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage, stop by and say hello.
. terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low, even for them.
Former Obama White House economic advisergave his old boss a 'C' on the economy Pretty generous!
So many tweets &amp; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look, it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.
I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25%
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
RTTrump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death, not Obama, who works hard to take (cont)
No wonderis in such big trouble &amp; boss was just fired--they are lost.
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
. looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
Derek, get well soon, theneed youl.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump...
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. -- Sun Tzu
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
ViaDonald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell
ViaDonald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.
Third ratetook every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now, press release to follow at 12:15.
Obama has called Libya attack a bump in the road and not optimal. Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
Followjewelry line onsite
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
No, sadly, not even close!
. I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown onHe drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smarter than you
No matter what happens in the election,deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont)
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be...
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said Ok, go get him?
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush...
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp; Herman Cainon the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!
Can't wait forto fold which, under Graydon Carter, will be sooner rather than later.
Myinterview discussing last nights presidential debate, my stock picks and tomorrows big announcement
Well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Rev.is a great man and so is his son, Franklin Graham.
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
. did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp; then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
A lot of theshould be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
No surprise, welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama. He is the food stamp &amp; welfare king
Obama planted thatstory on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
. should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
For the truth about job creation in America go to A great site for employers to get the tools &amp; information they need!
I will be doingat 7:30.
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
Both Barack andwere excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
Toledo is a great place--I've been there &amp; worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio.
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
I look forward tohitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
No, I said U.S. destroyed a once American icon
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job atthe cars are fantastic.
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
. should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago At least someone has done well under Obama.
My interview withdiscussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud
This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility. Obama todiscussing our nuclear arsenal.
Where were all theexposes on When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?Sad!
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
. really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
My announcement is tomorrow!
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
. is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!).
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC.
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Ladens killing, not the President.
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.Stay tuned!
Thank you toreviewerwho stated 'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert.
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout He is very selfish!
I still love Derek, he is a winner!
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. You can order them at
The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public, there is no bigger thrill than that. --Vince McMahon
. should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!
All the guys that saidwould lose are rapidly coming on board.Mitt will remember the early helpers.
They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed).
Thanks!
While thelook like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CC
With Barry Diller &amp; Tina Brown in charge, did anyone doubt thatwould be a massive failure?
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!
Dopey--who went bankrupt, you? I never did.
Heyis your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
I have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
. did a great job last night. Watch the clip!
Obama said not optimal to Ambassador &amp; embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's
Major grudge match this weekend between&amp;I have a dilemma, I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont)
Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
While the next season ofis packed w/ All Stars, ours fans will be happy to seein the board room.She is back!
At the debate, the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying, why didn't he do it?He lost me a long time ago.
When Strasburg leavesfor another team for more money, will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
When we're talking about math that doesn't add up, how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years. --
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
Clinton commented in Ohio today thatis right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong?
.Bringback? He is back!
Michael Vick of the Philadelphiais a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Just read about my friendwas set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
Alert--US jobless claims up 46,000 to 388,000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible!
ViaDonald Trump would fire A-Rod
Really enjoyed discussingyesterday withI am a long time Yankee fan.
I was referring, of course, to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped toIf A-Rod is not anext year, the fans will be happy.
Something really bad happened to thepsyche--much like our President!
Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phoneObama, just stop already.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally &amp; aesthetically.
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in IstanbulAnnual Gala Dinner
I love India!
I think thewill win today. Unlike A-Rod, CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays, however.
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Derek Jeterwants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you.
I agree, but their careers weren't fueled by drugs.
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities.
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the biggies. It's like having your own newspaper.
A penny saved is a penny earned. -- Benjamin Franklin
Because they are either jealous or losers (or both).
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
Greatly appreciated, thanks.
Great to meet you also.
Thanks for the info Rosie--get well.
. If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont)
My interview withdiscussing why A-Rod should be fired from&amp; how to terminate his contract
Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentariesvia
Thanks
Great decision by Donald Grahamto sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
Bob Kraft &amp; Coach Bill are far too smart!
. Thanks--you sound great!
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
Under his administration, oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% Obama did not tell truth last night.
. should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont)
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
Never give up. You have what it takes.
Robert Bryceon your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
#SuccessByTrump, exclusively availablehas set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift
Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
A reader just sent me the following:
I wanted to share with you something rather startling. On page 103 of (cont)
Remember, I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it, he broke his foot.
Good luck!
I hope that's the reason--otherwise, just plain stupid.
I will--thanks.
Thanks!
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
Thanks!
Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum fromtoto
Remember, new environment friendlylightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much.
A total professional.
Verlander pitched great, butlook truly defeated.
. Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
I guess they dont have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont)
Joe Girardimust play his starters, even A-Rod, they got you there.
. scored last night on both substance and style.
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio andwill win it!
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.
You talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke-let's face it, it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.
Happy Birthday!
. poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout.
What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy. --
. is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare forif Obama is re-elected.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala forsupporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
I lovegreat people!
. looks like he really cleaned up his act.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make theany money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.
I'm going to thegame tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
It is selling great at Macy's--thanks!
Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp;in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Starsvia
Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win(Winning solves all problems- (cont)
Congratulations toon exposing more Democrat voter fraud. was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit, I wish the stuff worked.
. are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence.
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will saywhat were we doing.
. looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
Based on very popular demand, I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
Tonight, despite everything, put A-Rod in the lineup.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak.is looking strong and sharp.
I told you, whenever I go to agame thewin.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
.Your documentary died many deaths. You have, in my opinion, zero talent.
Obama just saidwas a very successful investor--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
If thecan somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win!
I have never seen a thin person drinkingDiet Coke.
. much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
No, I wasn't at thegame yesterday- can't go today either. When I go, they win.
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
Between Libya, the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
I can confirm the reports-- my first season winner, will be returning to this All-Star season of
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
. Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by.
Donald J. Trump
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
.Thanks for helping promote &amp; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool!
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say let's get ready to rumble!
. is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. -- Warren G. Bennis
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
Great to hear that our loyalfans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes fromwaste your vote. Obama must go!
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government. --
.Five Questions w/of Leadership is the biggest threat to America'
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
Ifhas a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
Good response on jobs by
Stupid George Will gaveno chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows.
Good lucktonight--have no doubt you will be great.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
Verlander is great butvery beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
. wonderful The Men Who Built America with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing, I'll be live tweeting the debate
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt.
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.
. I tried watching but fell asleep.
With our amazing All Star cast,&amp;are also returning as boardroom advisors.
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews onanddraw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
I was just told by one of the topplayers that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate Mitt should bring up college applications &amp; records
Romney, Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulationvia
Obama better than last time, but again,wins. Good night. #debate
George Will said best debate he ever saw. If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
Get ready for tonight!
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason.
Olivia--we love you. You are doing a great job.
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important.
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps Four more years?
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Looking forward to Sundays speech in the ExCel Centre.
Ifis datingagain then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench.would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
In the end, Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again, a lot.
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it mildly -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
Glad to hear thatis doing well. She is a terrific person.
My friendcalled it-- recast the race.
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night'sgame and did so well.
You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird.--
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince Sounds like his book bio!
Greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time.
With these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on compassionate grounds. Do you believe?
Thank you
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B.It is actually double that at $1.1T We can't afford four more years.
Doing thewithwas great- I really like Matt.
Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
Going over tonow to introducecast etc.-- watch.
.Shout out = work hard!
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
My#TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates, the real state of unemployment &amp; bias media
California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
The team with the best players wins. --
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season'sOur fans will be pleased.
Great to have you back for the best season yet!
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Why the hell did we help the Libyan rebels in the first place. That is the real scandal.
Consumer spending fell in September Another indicator the 7.8% unemployment number is cooked.
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Excellent story onvery good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate
DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debateWhat is he thinking?
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.A new record.See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this, there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin. -- Mitt
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
Receiving thousands of thank you letters fromstudents for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!Great people.
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate
. is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still. -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt
I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero.
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
Now that Obamas poll numbers are in tailspinwatch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.He is desperate.
Mitts subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses
Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth
Congratulations toon setting therecord with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
Donald Trump: Monkey business on jobsvia
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
Congratulations toon getting an A grade fromon his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial, death penalty.
. cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on thewith
Sleepy eyes-- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
. is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE.
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also, not a pressure player.
In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts, you need to know about real estate. - Think Like a Billionaire
It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes. Be careful of voter fraud!
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debateThursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise.
. is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. Support her campaign here
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills.
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
I suspectcould do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate
Myinterview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks
Wing bangers-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S.
I would do same thing if I were China.They want Obama.
. #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate.even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Sleepy eyesis an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carryjock.
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. --Isaac Newton
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election!
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding Do people think this is fair?
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -- Henry Ford
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription?Who is this guy?
Another sign thatis right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data
Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebate
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again.
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the greator some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
Even with lower profit projections, American firms are still throwing money into China Obama is killing investment.
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad
Foreign candidate getting foreign donations.
I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
.fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall.
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather havewin the election than hiswin games shows real patriotism.
If you're going through hell, keep going. --Winston Churchill
Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worstforeign policy ever.
Theis currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events.
In August, 2012, Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'Good call!
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
Wind farms are ugly, not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them.
Will be a great event. See you in London.
In Nov. '11, Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolutionIn Sept. '12 it flew over our Embassy.
If you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you.
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday If I were American, I'd vote for Obama.
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff'Who is this guy? Where's the media?
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont)
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
. must ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications--why is he not doing this?
My#TrumpTuesday interview discussing howcan win the first debate &amp; the last 35 days
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
See you in London--big crowd!
Trump buys mansion adjacent to family wineryvia
Life is very fragile, and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile. --The Art of the Deal
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainmentLiving large on us.
The upcoming season ofwill be terrific--a great cast.
Thank you
Big win bylast night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp; company now control their destiny.
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. --Sun Tzu
Glad to hearwill be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward onwas very interesting--Woodward was great.
Most likely in February.
To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time. --'Midas Touch' with
Obama's '07 speech whichjust released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times.
Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes--
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications
Congrats toon finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
.Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
Big cancer risk from new environmental light bulbs--a big price to pay!
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success. --Jack Welch
Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office Don't be intimidated!
Republicans andmust get tough very soon.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
A clip fromwhere I takeaudience on the Katie Coach
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company Cronyism!
. will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at myroast.
Scary &amp; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor
Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment.
--Midas Touch
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
.delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too badwasn't there.
Myinterview discussingdebate responses, Obama's hidden records, my tweets and unemployment
Work hard and never give up!
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
Great to hear thatlegend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsedin Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont)
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14,000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily.
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland.
Only 36 days until the election.needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
In debate,should ask Obama why autobiography states born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia.
As a big job creator, I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suitLook your best!
Someone must be fired atfor that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
Amazing is good too.
.You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing.
American incomes have fallen $3,040 per household in the last 38 months
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -- Thomas Edison
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and FuriousMedia??
I am very proud of Ivanka!
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery?
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once, so it's a formidable combination.
It's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in VirginiaAnother example of sleazy politics!
Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
Thank you.
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone!
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next?
Thank you.
Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work.
Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
Yes, absolutely.
I'll be ontonight onat 10 pm.
Mr. President, you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house, but not to your own facts. --
It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science.
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October.
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic
. did an amazing job raising money forwith hisevent featuring Watch
Thank you
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election.has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck...
Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack.
A letter from an amazing woman
.
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
Thank you.
I am sure you would be just fine!
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. --Will Rogers
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term More like $12T in new debt if he wins.
Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility.
Must read column for all young people: Obama's war on young voters who elected him
.Love what you do and work hard.
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
40 days until the election. Crunch time.must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
The 18th hole at the Blue Monsterin Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...
Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
The full video of myspeech Liberty's largest ever Convocation crowd.
How long will it take for chants-- bring back the replacement refs -- when a bad call is made?
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time, in particular its very ugly skin.
Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise.
A happy and healthy family.
Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations!
It's real.
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness.-- B.C. Forbes
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow.
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. ( agrees)
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
Trump to Liberty U Students: 'The World is Laughing at Us' Via
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.-- Aristotle
Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
I'll be onMonday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. -- Charles F. Kettering
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Jerry Falwell, Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
Thanks!
Pres. O -- a bump in the road in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
Thank you.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
Obama will be going on&amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville, Virginia (don't worry, only business). See Washington Post article
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
I agree!
A letter written to one of my many critics!
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of thewho is now their all-time hitting leader.
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and FuriousHis operation killed innocent Americans.
Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions Guess where these new costs get passed toyou.
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describewarning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise'
We have raised millions of dollars for charity.
I hope theis ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
Today I spokeConvocation, a great crowd...
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. --Albert Einstein
...One point I made sure to stress atis to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you...
No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
A clip of myspeech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potentialvia
If only the moronswere as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont)
Why didgive his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return?
...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'
via Moneynews
The Emmys are all politics, that's why, despite nominations, The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
.Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.
Living in denial--only 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor
Read about myspeech in Morning Score
My#TrumpTuesday interview discussing howhas to get tough, real unemployment &amp; bias press
Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season!
Emmys telecast is way down &amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!
...but interestingly, the same people seem to be lucky.
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you can't change Washington from the inside. Not what he said in '09.
RTI am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. -- The Art of the Deal
Hope &amp; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama Four more years?
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season ofThe 'All Stars' are hard at work...
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
Amazing Race winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows.
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas. They will own everything if we don't stop them now.
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years.
ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said we have a black Muslim in the White House.
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!
Not a bad idea!
While Obama is denying it, he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days beforeToo busy campaigning?
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively availableTop selling brand nationwide.Ties, shirts, fragrance-great gifts.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Jody--Agreed.
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
Oh no, another rapper doing a Trump song --Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics. Why aren't these guys paying me?
My interview discussing myvideo &amp; whyshould not apologize
RTFor nearly 4 years, Barack Obama has refused to crack down on China's cheating &amp; American workers have paid the price.
Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)
I'll be ontonight at 10 PM Fox News
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
--Johnny Cash
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted, will give good prices &amp; financing.
I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program. -- Milton Friedman
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
Tune in!
Thanks, and we will keep you posted.
Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.)
It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid Incompetent and unqualified.
The majority of Americans agree withcomments onand Iran.
QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont)
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read The Art of the Comeback.
Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election' Via
That could be. Agreed.
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
ViaDonald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'
They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job.
I hateredesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at And best shirts &amp; ties
Can you believe--they are blamingfor Egypt.
To be successful, never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London.
Isnt it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and dowhile there is a record 21% real unemployment!
Interesting article by Is Time to Use The Trump Card Thanks Matt for the nice mention
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel.This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Josh--Thanks, I think you're right.
Must see video--Obama's criticism ofis identical to Carter's on Reagan
Amazing--playing with an ankle injury,Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on (cont)
Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China'China is hoping that Obama is re-elected.
Filming forSeason 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
Yesterday I was in Washington, D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.
I will be speaking Monday, September 24,
(10 A.M.) at Liberty University, to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
ViaThe Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood by
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.
At the National Achievers Congress in London this October, I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage Soon they will try the same with us. #TimeToGetTough
It will be fantastic!
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more MarinesWe are a laughing stock.
My#TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3,leaked comments, Middle East &amp; US oil capability
It's Thursday, how many more bias press reports will be released against
Myinterview discussing QE3, the housing market, my stock picks and the 2012 election
. should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama, who put these radicals in power, deserves blame.
Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'via
It's amazing-- has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuseWhat was the excuse before the movie?
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
Myinterview withexplaining why Mitt should not apologize
Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words.
Sam, you're 100% correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram.
This morning played some of thevideo I filmed for the Tampa Convention
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
Sometimes that's necessary.
No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outletDid she also write it?
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song Donald Trump.
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont)
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln
.I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know, I never went bankrupt.
With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for&amp;
It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
Heyhear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
ViaDonald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'
I'll be at Liberty University Monday, 10 AM, for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
.Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
Obama's convention bounce is gone.has retaken the lead in the latest
This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.
ViaRomney Said Nothing Wrong
Congratulations to Obama and theThe federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row
Nice work!
With 49 days until the election,needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
Nice to hear--and good luck!
Myinterview
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income Four more years?
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
Great article by Chris Ruddy and Jackie's Example
Once again under the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness
We must do better.
Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign
The delegates at theconvention keep shouting Four More Years. Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
Under1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime, Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
With allies like Egypt and Libya, who needs enemies?!
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from
Remember whileis lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's in your face because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont)
An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya &amp; take the (cont)
No surprise.displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets Did they mean to honor the Russians?
A lot of people strongly advised me against doingNext week we start filming the record 13th season
Hence, go with your gut!
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right.
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbers
. is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics, it looks like she will (cont)
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
I'll be onon Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
Afterspeech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion --
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
Romneys campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont)
There are now 119,000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
As bad as they were, I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.
The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace, (cont)
. is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention
Amazing.has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood, the #DNC, and Drew Peterson-
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip They have zero respect for us. Outrageous!
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reportsNow Obama wishes he could have a month half as good.
Change before you have to. --Jack Welch
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes
China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands
. revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
Ifhad to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military.
84% of US troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Weakness, cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President.
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrancesSelling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc.
An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers
It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?
Obama toldthat Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
This chart from AEI'sshows how terrible'recovery' really is:Disaster.
Duringpresidency, median family income has fallen 4.8% Terrible for the middle class.
So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House but doesn't have time for
Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage withwhile hosting the 25th anniversary of hisshow
If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party. --
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon,for events that took place years ago in France?
Obama called August's job report progress. Overall, 96K new jobs &amp; over 173K new people on food stamps
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88,921,000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background? Who is he?
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at theconvention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people
--Clint Eastwood
If Obama was smart, he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants,and me singing Call Me Maybe has over 2M views.
Now we will never know ifwould have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.
--General George S. Patton
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Wake Up America!See article: Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake
Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people. --
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
My#TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone &amp; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike @ 2012
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Scary--whilehas been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare. -- Sun Tzu
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
Drew Peterson, a real sleaze, just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to--
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase sincetook office.
It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont)
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.
Filming of the record 13th season ofhas started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you, United States, for making this possible!
. teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont)
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. -- Vince Lombardi
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
Very good speech byunder great pressure--Dems should be proud!
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially theIt's simple--I get the ratings!
I hope therealizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election' via
Beyardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like
I am sure thewill do a great job bracketing theconvention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
. sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
. was great the other night. People love him.
Lettermanbegging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment.
. and I are looking forward to watchingspeech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
Only two weeks until we start shootingWe really have something amazing for the fans this year.
An excerpt of myinterview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party
I am astonished that the media continues to lie.gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
Congratulations toon last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
It's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today?
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you will never change the outcome.-- Michael Jordan
A fact--golfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'Via
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls.won't let them cheat us anymore.
My interview discussing theConvention, businesses making products in China and unemployment
ontonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate.
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called birther issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that thecan't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
What message does it send whencampaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going green -- They would laugh in your face!
I stand ready to lead us down a new path, where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed, not by a resentment of success. --
I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
My#TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election, OPEC ripping us off &amp;job policy
Why doeshave such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Of courseattacked 'birthers' in praisingspeech. Chris has completely lost it.
No surprise.is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans Big mistake!
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenyahomeland in 2008
. everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster.
China must be worried thatwill win this November. They have never had such a pushover like
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success. --Irving Berlin
With our national debt passing $16T during theconvention,has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
. entire life and career havebuiltprosperity and growth.
Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
It is very sad to see whathas done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
. assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China. --
Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it.
New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency. --
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation.
. '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
I can't wait to read this...RTSEAL Book Explodes, Obama Furious
. writes thatshould pray that China overtakes US Don't worry, he is making it happen.
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand, how do OPEC &amp; the speculators get away with this?!
It's Friday, how many advertisers droppedtoday?
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame, liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
. dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
As usual, the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp; ratings!
As I predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
After fouryears of getting the run-around, America needs a turnaround, and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney.
The US Navy wants to go green. Our Navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. Give me a break!
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makesstory a big lie.
I am impressed with how clearlyexplains the challenges we face and the solutionswill bring as President.
Media silent when calleda murderer &amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
I am very worried that ifis re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
. Super PAC has continually calleda murdererIronic since Obama is destroying Medicare.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiotsthat made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled duringterm. Outrageous!
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event andconvention. Will be fun!
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94%0%worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
America needsandand we need them right now. --
I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything.
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-
China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for tradeThey stole the technology from us.
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
The media can track downold girlfriend and marathon time but can't findcollege applications or other info.
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges, etc
Great speech by my good friendHe did something you won't hear atconvention---tell the truth.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
. has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term
Congratulations toon delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
Let me say it as clearly as possible, that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me. --Huckabee
China's media is attackingwhile endorsing Of course. Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough.
. is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward,' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from. --
Don't think my statement onwas harsh, if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
. is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
. is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why should be elected andhas to go.
It's Tuesday--how much inflation hasspending caused today on the price of food and gas?
Too busy playing golf?sends form letters with an electronicsignature to the parents of fallen SEALs
I wonder whatwas thinking last night asdelivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend.could have stopped this.
Remember whenran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live! --
Happy to hear thatFaith and Freedom chapters are at theconvention supportingWe must be united to win!
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us?
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade duringterm.
They succeed, because they think they can. -- Virgil
Smart move byhaving Pres. Bill Clinton deliver theconvention keynote.
Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich, powerful, and beautiful. It's your summer must-read.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Myinterview discussing whyis not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 election
. should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
Myinterview discussing howis running a hateful campaign &amp; theconvention 'Surprise'
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T China is laughing all the way to the bank.
It's sad to see once decent newspapers likefailing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
. thinksis What Washington's Social Scene NeedsTruth is, she's amazing.
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
. shouldn't give additional tax returns untilgives his passport records, college records &amp; applications...
Former Navy SEAL Questionsbirthplace
Amazing--both Transformers &amp; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence.
Great new ad fromtitled Nothing's Freedetailing both the high costs and taxes of ObamaCare.
In any business venture, remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours.
Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific
Even NY Democrats are avoidingconventionHe is dragging his own party down with him
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is
The independent watchdog who exoneratedfor the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign.
I'll be onon Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. Myconvention surprise hits Monday night!
Congratulations toand Arnoldon 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at
. was caught telling Russian PMthat he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
. &amp;get what needs to be done to reign in China.gets kicked around by the Chinese.
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.
If you have any doubt thatmust be defeated see'2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
ViaFalwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'
Here's a sneak peek at theconvention theme:It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh, and government built it.
. is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Scary thought-- is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
Myinterview ondiscussing why debt commission should bediscussed in debates &amp;convention
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad basedis a job killer.
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% underHe is bleeding us dry to China.
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much moneylost today--great purchase AOL
ViaTrump course sparks international interest
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! HeyWe Did Build It!
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous. --Henry Ford
My shirts, ties and fragrance are doing great atthem! Make fantastic gifts.
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy. -- Rudy Giuliani
Via to speak at
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month.is so excited.
Great sign:We built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a--!Commonly heard now across America!
Congratulations toDerek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-timehit leader.
Great speech on China byyesterday where he explains why China is treatinglike a Doormat
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico.can't be bothered, he is too concerned withtaxes.
Only three weeks until the new season ofbegins filming--great all-star cast.
Thereleased a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a part of this.
Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said, children should not get vaccinated. I believe fully (cont)
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
Congratulations to Billy Payne and on doing the right thing.
You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon!
I dream for a living. --Steven Spielberg
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
I am tired oftalking aboutfather. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
Myinterview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings,statement &amp;policies
Ifreally loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.
. will make us energy independent by 2020 will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects.
Amazing-- survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
. had to give $1,000 tobrother for his child's hospital billIsn't that disgraceful?
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much moneyborrowed from China today?
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerningbackground. I, for one, won't be.
Good news -has pulled ahead in Wisconsin WIthon the ticket, Wisconsin is in play.
. was great onlast night. Roger and Larry are good friends!
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New Yorkwill be delivering the benediction at theconvention.
The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course, watch the video-
Statesman of the Year in Sarasota, FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout.
Palm Springs, CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
Glad to hearattack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -- Samuel Goldwyn
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership ofA great American ally.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
--Vidal Sassoon
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you've got plenty to watch. --Anonymous
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
There are only 22 days forto dropObama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
Every economic climate, whether an uptick or downturn, presents new opportunities and challenges.
More of my #TRUMPTUESDAYinterview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries
Congratulations toon leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
Disgusting-- supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign Shameful but no surprise.
. said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him too seriously.
Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
I always saidwill attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
. get better fast. I'm starting to miss you!
. book, A Nation of Wusses is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!
... is hiding plenty of bad things.
Glad to hear thathas put some strong anti-China referendums in theconvention platform.
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!
It's Thursday. I wonder how much moneydrained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
. could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
Americans already believe thatis better qualified to serve asPresident overNo surprise.
I am very surprised thatgave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
Congratulations toon passing 1,000 episodes.is still going strong after all these years-- is great!
In less than a week I'll be honored bySarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp; then give my big surprise toconvention. Will be fun!
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong!
Glad thatis hittingon ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past We can &amp; must do better.
Even morecrony capitalism &amp; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor
. is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
These are facts: In 2001, the US opened its markets to China &amp; since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont)
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie, Cheat &amp; Steal in all international dealings.
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
Waste. With 22 new taxes &amp; $1.8T in added debt,disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured
Theshould have an amazing team next year with Kobe, Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
Mr. President, take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago. --
Americans never quit. -- General Douglas MacArthur
Myinterview ondiscussingdirty tactics &amp; howshould respond
All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What ishiding?
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast.
See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention
Todaywill borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans, lakes and rivers. If something works, stay with it.
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base ofwill be getting a much bigger treat!
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.-- William James
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont)
Congratulations toon winning last night's primary!
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt
The brand new season ofstarts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Have you been to thein the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity. --
Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfareWe must do better.has the vision to get America working.
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
Pathetic-- is 'sweetening' his offer to the TalibanRead 'The Art of The Deal.'
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
Watchexplain how 'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'
A great photo ofand me
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech'
Today is #TrumpTuesday on7:30 AM. Tune in!
SUN newspaper/Scotland reports that Tourism jump is thanks to Trump. 8,000 visitors in one month from 20 countries,,,
. andI gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog
The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago. -
Glad to hearwill be delivering the Keynote for theconvention. He will deliver a strong message.
. CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices
REPEAL!
A review ofshow, great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland, and more in today's #trumpvlog-
. is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail?
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get!
Myinterview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election, Trump real estate projects &amp; our airports
The NYPost reportsMagazine dropped 18% to only 283,938 newsstand copies sold. Very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse!
I'm really glad thatno longer says what a nice guyis.
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont)
China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged.They don't understand why they can't cheat.
I always enjoy being interivewed onby John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring Why? ObamaCare, US debt &amp;tax plan.
RTWas Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student?
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win!
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs sincebecame POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
Military reps have attackedover Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively.
My interview with Don Imus ondiscussing myconvention surprise &amp;China policy
Waste-- Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for theconvention. Everyone will love it.
The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying, What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
Great article by -- Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'
Whileis a gaffe machine, yesterday's comments thatwill put y'all back in chains was not at all proper.
Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty, not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont)
If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete. -- Jack Welch
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
. 'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube You're welcome Mac!
. given a raw deal instory--not fair.
. Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota, FL, when I receive the Statesman of the Year award.
The Chicago machine is scared.shows thatwill run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Via Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention It's true, just wait and see...
Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered-
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer teamon their gold medal. They made us all proud!
In 08,predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy has added over $6T in debt since. Scary.
DESPERATE-is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' onVP picks Dirty tactics.
is suggesting football is going away andwill lose.is a moron.
Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products People get it!
Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market#TimeToGetTough
As we told theI was asked to speak at the RNC but said no, because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
I wonder what the work atmosphere is likeIt must be hard working at a dying institution.
Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
$716 Billion from Medicare byWhen will it end?
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up aftergaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
ViaDonald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do? Answer: Something major!
Tune in for my interview withtonight at 10 pm,
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareeneis known as a total joke in political circles. Hence, he writes for Loser Salon.
By the US winning the Olympic medal count, we proved that both the American spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont)
Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son, Jay. He really loved and respected his father.
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat oras President?
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be onTune in!
. visited today-
Myinterview discussingpick ofhow to frame Medicare debate &amp;convention
Myinterview ondiscussing theconvention,sealed records &amp; real estate advice
I wonder ifever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guessplan is not working!
Make sure to grab your copy of this month'sdetailing The Trump Effect
Thehas 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3%A little sensitive are we?
. Op-Ed Culture Does Matter :
The deficits underare the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners. -- Robert T. Kiyosaki
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsedHe understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
BIG-- is preferred to handle the economy overby 63%-29% in apoll
Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November.--cover The Trump Effect
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off
. should be careful questioningon diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
The Audacity ofFederal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
Attended last night'sgame--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going, Missy!
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
I am confident when American public gets to knowthe race will go his way. He's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good.
Congratulations toon concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Remember whenpromised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Ohio Senator knows how to return prosperity:#Mitt2012 #tcot
What a 'nice guy' - 97% ofcampaign ads have been negative attacks on
Give it back Mitt!
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me thatapplied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
China's Olympic training program is abusiveIt is modern day slavery &amp; shameful. Their (cont)
Wrong-- '08 campaign manager &amp; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate
Congratulations tois the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me thathas added over $6T to the new national debt &amp;ruined US credit.
. discussing myinterview: Trump: 'Clamor fortax returns has died down'
There is no substitute for hard work.
--Thomas Edison
Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July.is a disaster!
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining
Myinterview discussing2012 election polls,current trip &amp; the US housing &amp; land market
You pick it! #1. Anybody that says anything derogatory aboutis labeled stupid, insane, or (cont)
NEWTV AD Dream - For these small businesses, hope and change was not so kind: #tcot
No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
Myinterview discussing theconvention,sealed records &amp;tax claim
The real outsourcer -is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money How does that help us?
From: Public not Worried AboutTax Returns
Enjoying the Olympics.Great coverage byas well. GO TEAM USA!
The difference betweenandcampaign promises tois that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Jobless claims rose yet again last week economic record is abysmal--we can do much better.
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Nowis issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? At leastis consistent.
Myinterview discussing housing prices, the GDP numbers, China spreading its wealth and my stock picks.
I am honored thathas featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
Reckless-- is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget &amp; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers.policies have created a climate (cont)
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me thatbought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres.play a key role in their convention.
. bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioningdiplomatic skills.
Hope &amp; Change--sincehas taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
Good article: What Happened to American Men fromby Michael Cohen
More waste, fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households Where's the accountability?
In '08,hit Bush for secrecy When will Obama release all his sealed college records?!
. are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
Capital isn't scarce; vision is.
--Sam Walton
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses underHe has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift'has ruined our economic hegemony.
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. The new reality.is weak.
Outrageous-- is suing to suppress the military vote in OhioOur Commander in Chief should be ashamed.
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies abouttaxes.
Theare going to have a terrific season.&amp;will do great things on the field.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me thatbirth certificate is a fraud.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
--
In '08called Jerusalem Israel's capitalNow he attackson Jerusalem
Another example ofdiplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
Good-- is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals Our athletes should not be taxed on their wins.
. will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.If reelected,will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
Great to seebeing well-received in PolandThe Poles understand the value of freedom through strength
Delusional-- claims that his economic plan workedIs the 16% real unemployment part of the plan?
Why hasallowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit theWhat Hope &amp; Change!
Congratulations tomarked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded
Theacquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
We need a President who understands the economy -has US unemployment at 8.2% in July, up from 8% in June
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
Great new ad from'Next Year...Presidentin Jerusalem, the Capital of Israel'
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
Congratulations toon his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
More lies and deceptions-- is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel,donated to himself.
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year
China is laughing at us---as usual.
I went toplay. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.
. leadership has permanently scarred &amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont)
. blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada.
A terrible deal for US!
Good news -hasbeating49%-44%Obama was up by 5% at same point in '08.
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
Twitter is onenemies list
By folding, Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.
Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
Glad to hear thatwill be speaking at theConvention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
The real war on women--over 175,000 fewer held jobs in July &amp; 94,000 dropped out of labor force We must do better.
With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt,Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M
Congratulations toon winning access to federal database He is making FL a safe &amp; legal election for 2012
I'll be onMonday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Bain did not listas an Executive on its website in 2000 Saul Alinsky tactics won't work!
. economic gloom: jobless claims have surgedwhile factory activity is (cont)
Who else could take 16 vacations, play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont)
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
--Ralph Waldo Emerson
In 1999said that he didn't support Welfare ReformHe just gutted the entire program.
Sinceis on such a transparency kick--how about releasing Fast &amp; Furious info to Brian Terry's family?
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises withvia
Columbia University stated there was a computer error in their system concerningattendance. (cont)
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records &amp; grades. He says he loves (cont)
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!
I hopeis recuperating well in LA.Get better!
Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365,000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better.
. wants to see 10 yrs oftax returns--tell him ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
If you don't have passion, everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or, at best, be mediocre. Is that how (cont)
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
The Art of The Deal
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS
I wonder whyis not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
As I always said, the Birthers were after the truth. Thanks to can't hide anymore.
Why wouldbe spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
Myinterview where I discussJob Council,investigation &amp; 2012 election
Breitbart gets it! Vote now-- should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont)
UnderBain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. UnderAmerica has added over $6T in debt.
Even the Left realizes thatpolicies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country.
Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility, economic security, and the expansion of the middle class. -
Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere
The newmotto - You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success ...
My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog-
Irresponsible! In the last 6 monthshas held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.
Ifhad such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings withto warn that we are viewed as in decline
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7%
Must read article in probe could dwarf Watergate
For the sake of transparency,should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
Don't believe the lies--every budgethas delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE
#BARACKTAX QUOTE: If you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax.
Read this-- birth certificate cannot survive judicial scrutiny because of phantom numbers
What's more important for the American public to have?tax returns orsealed records?
Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses Will he be in Chicago on election night too?
Some really dumb blogger for failinga magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year, said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!
When will we seepassport records (sealed)?
So much for Hope and Change.has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states
Sois celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko
A true honor.considers asking forcollege transcripts a Donald Trump question. Release it!
The class warfare being played byis the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
I am impressed with the scampulled, but the truth will come out.
Congratulations toon his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims'birth certificate' is fake
Great article--a must read by Peter Ferrara atabout The Biggest GovernmentSpender in World History
Great new campaign ad just released by
What controversy? 2 'active'supporters at Bain have confirmed thatleft in '99No story here.
According to apoll, over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayersObamaCare is a T-A-X.
More $ thrown away -gave $20M to Amonix and praised its success in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews.
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee
Watchadmit Obamacare is a TAXThe GOP must continue to Disrupt, Dismantle &amp; Repeal!
Myinterview discussing America's financial uncertainty due toand the job report
Corrupt-- largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle
Chicago cronyism
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to listas his son in his 1961 INS application?
Bay Bridge in San Fransisco, built in China, keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us!
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser. --How To Get Rich
Viadoesn'trelease his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya?
Remember howdid not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player. will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract
Hypocrite-- has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas
Nastytactics being used bycampaign againstMust stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!
. college application would be very very very very interesting!
. should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
Myinterview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3,college records &amp; 2012 election
Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of Why Obama won't release his college transcripts- Come on, Jay!
The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. -- Sun Tzu
. reported over $269,710 of foreign income out of his gross $894,520 and paid $5,841 in foreign taxes
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
Withlisting himself as Born in Kenya in 1999 HI laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate.#SCAM
In his entire political career,has never had a toughopponent beforeHe is a paper tiger. #GOMITT
Wife Huma wantsto pull aby giving a tell-all interview. Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy.
Have we ever had a POTUS beforewho earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
My friendlost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont)
Myinterview discussing howshould release his college applications &amp; records
Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland-
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths. --Caesar
. needs to makeregret that he ever asked for his tax records.
Outrageous-- is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic.
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
I hopenow starts asking for any &amp; all ofsealed records--it's time.
My interview inwithdiscussing being awarded the 2012 Statesman of the Year by Sarasota GOP
He has no respect for American exceptionalism.has outsourced our space program to the Russians
John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday --indeed needs to learn how to be an American.
At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials &amp; death penalty for mass murderers &amp; terrorists.
I wonder what the answer is oncollege application to the question: place of birth? Maybe the (cont)
Socampaign is callinga potential criminalHow about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal!
President Obama wantsto hand over even more past tax returns- he should whenreveals his college applications.
It is terrible thatdid not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont)
Is it legal forto make campaign donor calls from Air Force One?Obama is always fundraising on our dime.
Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit!
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
Wow, the Supreme Court passedI guesswanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
Why isconstantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest
Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in CharlotteSmart politics!
How caninvoke Richard Nixon againstwhen Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious?!
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
We must never bend too much. -- Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012)
I am glad America is starting to get to knowthe way I know him. A wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont)
Shock -DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled.
Justice Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont)
Great news--here comes the Tea Party!has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links, Scotland-
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes
There's now only one solution--defeatthis November! #GOMITT
Another broken promise by actually increases income inequalityIt must be fully repealed!
Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont)
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developmentsThey will own our country soon.
It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position.
ViaObamaCare is a tax gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. Shameful!
Gotta hand it toshe loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax
Welcome toAmerica - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal DisabilityWhere are the jobs?!
Don't believewhining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC
Who's the outsourcer?campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India.
China court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder.
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont)
Hypocrite! in '06called private equity the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality
. should not give any other further information untilreleases the things that everyone wants to see----
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%. economy is a disasterNew numbers tomorrow.
Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electingthis November.
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual, we will have another great season.
Congrats tohas now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont)
John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday.Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there.
Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt.never should have abandoned Mubarek.
A list fromTop 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
-- Winston Churchill
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.F. Scott Fitzgerald
Remember this--- toldin 09 that it is not true that the individual mandate is a tax
Myinterview discussing ObamaCare, the Romney-Trump fundraiser &amp; my plans for Jones Beach
An insightful article on
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months.election will end thedownturn.
Watch the WH spokesman try to spinrationale for using exec. priv. on Fast &amp; Furious
Myinterview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt, our vast natural gas resources &amp; US tax system
Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. -- Norman Vincent Peale
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election.will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for
Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked.
Chris Ruddy is always on point: Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World' via
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day, America's 236th birthday. Here is America's actual birth certificate
Great poll numbers forjust out--he is leading substantially in swing states.
Just as I predicted,is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November.
A Lion's List of Democrats are not attendingDNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil.
Almost daily more discrepancies inbiography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some ally.
Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
The liberal media is focusing onbank records. How about reviewingillegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
Very strange--why do database records contradictand show he was only at Columbia 1 year?
The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Todayaddressed the NAACP.takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
Great article in the-- Donald Trump opens 100m golf course
I don't care what people say, I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. --General Douglas MacArthur
Justice Roberts did the Republican Party anda great favor. He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax, (cont)
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true.
#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must electthis November.
There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump, political or nonpolitical. --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters
ViaTrump tees off on new golf course in Scotland
Nice interview in theAtlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards. --Vernon Sanders Law
Outrageous-has spent over $2.7B on implementingsince the oral arguments at SCOTUS
Why iscontinuing to lie?has found thatdid not ship jobs overseas
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K
The $9B thatspent in 'Stimulus' for Solar, Wind Projects created 910 total jobs, costing $9.8M each.
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning theAll-Star Game.
Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
Con Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developersThe mosque is never going up.
Todayis in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
WRONG: A China court orderedto pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on7:30 AM
I believemade a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont)
Had a great time withlast night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
What a coincidence?!campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters.
Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems.
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great jobhas done.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. --Benjamin Disraeli
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on7:30 AM. Tune in!
What a statesman!made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont)
Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists
As I anticipated, Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.
BidenSpends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips
How foolish didlook yesterday trying to rationalize whyaccepts donations from Bain?
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!#wolfblitzercnn
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
Now evenold professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. He has embarrassed them.
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
Thanks toa great woman, for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast, everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally, I will be a critic.
Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up forgiving AAA (cont)
Once again,tweets nonsense aboutShe needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems.
I'll be onon Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 Butthinks the private economy is doing fine.
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by theadministration.
. was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends.
. is 100% right. The US Supreme Court should do the right thing &amp; overturn ObamaCare or the country (cont)
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job. --Michael Gerber
Today bothandare giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont)
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later,is asking for more time to fix the economy
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit forwon the evening. Thank you, Donald.
The newtrailer is fantastic Trump Tower stood in for Wayne Enterprises during filming.
Myinterview discussing Jamie Dimon, the Doral Miami purchase, OPEC's output &amp;Open
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. --Winston Churchill
While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition ofin Miami. (cont)
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch.has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
I don't mind thatplays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious. -- Sun Tzu
Congrats toon winningchampionship.is a tremendous owner &amp; has done wonders for (cont)
Win a dinner withand me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes!
Today's announcement byon immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
I wonder when we will be able to seecollege and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so.
The Euro, put in place to hurt the U.S., is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
Thanks torejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
Nowis tellinghow to control his own assets. Obama is consumed by class warfare.
Sad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than themWe can do much better!
Congrats to Roger Clemens, he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
The-Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development
Myinterview discussingcomments, attacks onand&amp;low ratings
Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. --Dwight D. Eisenhower
SHOCK -people are sending paid political organizers to heckle atevents
Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.
Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
Beautifulintomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
Good-- is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rollsFlorida must be a legal election.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. -- John Wooden
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats.never showed up to help them even though he (cont)
I look forward to playing golf with Presidentsomeday.
Typical-- Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--wantre-elected
Sadly, it took a hit &amp; run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position!
Shock--even moresolar corruption.chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan.
Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19,000 rapes last year.
Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue....
Why isspending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
It's good to see thatis protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken.
Now is the time for theto be united with the mission of electingthis November. Stop with the public divisions.
The USC should be ruling any day now onHopefully we will get the right result.
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians,Syrians &amp; Russians along Syrian coast.Laughing at
The Amateur! Firstwas caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!
China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor designWe should offset their theft from our debt.
Sad. has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.
. was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups inWhite House.
. and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you!
Failure--for all oftalk of engaging the world, U.S. favorability has dropped around the world
Donald Trump song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy!
. Donald Trump just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st
Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. --Vince Lombardi
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others. -Jack Welch
Small businesses will have an ally in the White House withMitt gave a great interview yesterday
WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants Does it get any dumber?
Myinterview discussingcomments, a united 2012 GOP, #CelebApprentice &amp; Trump#Miss Universe
Good messaging and staying on point.calledanti-investment, anti-business, anti-jobs
Last Friday's gaffe byclaiming that the private sector is doing fine is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo, but Beijing.
. ontonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years, the average price has gone up by 15%.Unsustainable!
I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of ( picking losers --
Is Roger Simonever right about anything? Now he's attackingin defense of (cont)
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
Congratulations toon his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice)
On Fridaysaid that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what hasdone about it the last 3 years?!
Trump Tuesday-- tomorrow at 7:38 AM.
Good news-- is now leading in North Carolina according toThe NC GOP is united after their (cont)
Myinterview re: Europe's financial mess, investing in Spain, Germany's economy and the future of the Euro
Thehealthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more optionsThe perfect remedy!
Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning.massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
Thecampaign took in
$39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
As one of Miamii's largest landowners, I am pulling for thein thefinals. Lebron's time is now!
TRUMP TUESDAYtomorrow at 7:30 amTune in!
Lolo Jones, our beautiful Olympic athlete, wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great.
Myinterview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers &amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus
Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a bad time at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner. (cont)
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- Winston Churchill
Nowis telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term
. is practically beggingto disavow the place of birth movement, he is afraid of it and (cont)
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look-
It's amazing how celebrities such ascan say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont)
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knessetthis past Friday in Trump Tower #Israel
Pictures ofand me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York CityWe loved the movie!
Does anyone believe thatdid not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders.
Presexpectsto play nice likenot going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different.
What a foolish move byto speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by thecampaign.
In his own words,was born in Kenya, and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii. This statement was made, (cont)
How ironic thatcampaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
What a series the is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. --Paul Tournier
Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress byIf you are looking for a mattress, go buy (cont)
I am very excited about hostingtoday for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeingand many other friends.
China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is the largest expansion by any oil company in the world (cont)
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
HYPOCRITE! Long beforecalled the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park rally
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him, they will lose.
Myinterview discussing OPEC, US gas resources,and running a campaign against
Unsustainable-has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his termHe loves debt.
I want to seecollege records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
Sowill attackcareer at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives
What a foolish statement by- he said that aVP pick would 'insult' Hispanics
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. --Paul Tournier
The real war on women. Under766,000 more women are unemployed from when he took office
Nowhas decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees He always goes againstinterest.
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012-
Congratulations toof Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
Rush is right.and I have both created more jobs thanfact, far more jobs!
Interesting. 1981 transfer class to Columbia declined in quality according to the Columbia Spectator
George Will was critical ofthroughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont)
A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one. -- Henry Ford
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition, coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino in Las Vegas
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight onat 9PM EST!
The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
Just cancelled my subscription toBoring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont)
Dine With The Donald and Mitt:
China's best friendwants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships, the lowest level since WWI.
interview ondiscussing her beautiful jewelry line,my son Barron and the 2012 campaign
Commodity prices are beginning
to drop as a result of the Euro crisis
Josh Brolin, a friend of mine, was terrific in Men in Black. Congrats!
Disaster! Thetax hikes set for 2013 are going to throw us back into a recession according to the CBO
Losers such as George Will anduse me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
It was an honor to be withthe night he clinched the nomination. He will defeatand be a tremendous POTUS.
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog bycan't be feeling too good.
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations!
Myinterview withwhere I discuss'birth certificate' and whyhas low ratings
Myinterview discussing myfundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont)
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election.victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
Thefundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
Pres. Bill Clinton, 5.31.12:had a sterling business career.
US job cuts jumped 53% in May from April
This is the Obama recovery?
Myinterview.
The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'
--Orison Swett Marden
What could be better than dinner withand me?
Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government? Seems excessive.
Waste! The CBO now estimates thatstimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reasonwill be a great POTUS.
The2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET NBC.
Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiersChina loves to cheat!
It waswho promised if you like your plan, you can keep your plan. Now ObamaCare is causing (cont)
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but (cont)
The2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City-
In some ways it is sad. We all wantedto succeed. It's not worked out that way.
Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP
George Will was pushing forfor the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont)
Welcome to Twitter,
Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9% The economy is in deep trouble.
I'll be onon Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.
Whilespends recklessly on domestic projects, he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts
In '08,said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic.has already added $6T.
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama.
I am in Las Vegas for the2012 pageant. Watch live tonight onat 9PM ET.
Perhapsbiggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to coverreal 2011 budget deficit
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success, only a chance to succeed. The community organizerdoesn't (cont)
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debtIt must be repealed!
I had a fun time doing the #CallMeMaybe video featuring thecontestants,and
Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
Now that China's own economy is slowingwatch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont)
Soclaims thatbirth certificate evokes 'controversy'Where (cont)
Now thecampaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate!
See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
Dine with The Donald and Mitt
Thank you to thefor a very nice story-
Pathetic! Sinceis going to win the recall,is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett
Thecampaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice &amp; respectful. I'll bet John (cont)
For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. Aristotle
When willrealize he is on a fool's errand trying to defendineptitude?
Selective memory -says that he forgets the recessionMaybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs.
Rappersong, Donald Trump, now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut?
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont)
According to has a 12 point advantage overon the economyLook for it to grow.
V.P.....really!
A segment from last night'sinterview discussingand fighting fire with fire in a campaign
China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believeknows that he selling us out.
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess!is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace.
The final two-andvisited yesterday-
A great ad fromshowing A Few of the 23 Million unemployed who need economic changeTake it to him Mitt!
Themust re-negotiatecontract. He is not the same player without drugs.
More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?
President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about the first African-American president of the (cont)
Don't find fault. Find a remedy.
--Henry Ford
I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience.
Myinterview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against
Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa?That's a speech everyone would watch.
Wrong! Underwatch,is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month
Barclay, a friend of mine &amp; a wonderful guy, didn't mean to be so nasty to He was just (cont)
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. My advice? Get a pre-nup!
Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality. #MidasTouch
Who's the flip flopper?has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Joe Biden called America the Problem vis a vis IranHe never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid.
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
Myinterview discussingmisleading political ad,response and &amp;
Seems hard to believe thatcould be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup.
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the programmatic killing of bald eagles.
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Myinterview discussing the economy, unemployment numbers, China, Charles Barkley,France and the election
The polling numbers show a close race.needs all of our support.
In the UK, taxpayers are wasting 24 million on wind farms that don't even operate.
They (cont)
Rev. Wright calledon tape, a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
2011 #CelebrityApprentice winnerandinterviewed the final four in this week's episode-
WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents byis a hit job to me. Where arehigh school and college records?
I'll be onon Monday at 7:30 a.m.Always a great time.
Very resource rich Canada, our neighbor, is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S.
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping, mortgages are low. Now is the time to take advantage for your gain.
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed.
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us, the latest is the PhilippinesVery aggressive
#CelebrityApprentice Who will win?Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC.
ratted out his best friendin a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P?
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
--Benjamin Franklin
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonusRidiculous.
The best vision is insight. --Malcolm Forbes
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed.
Howard Stern will do a great job onHe's very smart and really gets what talent is.
Mr. Pesident,you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
Congratulations to on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening, 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious.
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
Congratulations to my friendon being named to the Hall of Famous Missourians. Rush is a great guy &amp; a great character.
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt underand now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Congratulations toof the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also, a fantastic guy.
Didtry to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K?
I am sure the media will be all over this.
My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton, South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont)
In today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter-
The Republicans should use everything againstasis going to use everything (cont)
I had a great time doing press interviews withandearlier today-
. attackedShe is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. LikeO'Donnell, a total loser!
Here's what I toldonwhen it comes to singerinappropriate attacks on
A bite from last night'sinterview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign
Under Mayorand Police CommissionerKelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership.
should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont)
Myinterview discussing Jamie Dimon, banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial
Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals. -- Henry Ford
Good news. Voters givethe edge overon handling the economy according to
Theadministration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations
Myinterview discussing the Republic of Georgia, taxes, the fledgling economy and Facebook
Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?!
Reckless! Why iswasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn?
Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont)
Welcome to the new reality.is now letting China buy US banksThe US government is selling us out.
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink underthen real unemployment (cont)
You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do.Great quote by Henry Ford.
Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy reporter who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont)
I loved Walter Cronkite, one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter.
We must keep the pressure onadministration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
If the press can report stories fromdorm years then why can't it findcollege and law school transcripts?
Sure-- literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake'Pretty convenient.
Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare,is trying to implement his debacle in public schools
Underthe Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown.
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done.
I am a registered Republican.
Withas the nominee, we can defeat
Our trade deficit continues to rise at record ratesThe US manufacturing sector is being (cont)
Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.
SHOCK! While attackingprivate equity experience,raises $2M from private equity bankers
I wonder ifever applied to Occidental, Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont)
Georgetown should not hostfor the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
VOTE 4&amp; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate.was described in 2003 as being born in Kenya.
Why won'trepeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage? He is gaming the issue.
Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season!
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to electin November.
Good Morning America is thrilledis working for themeans almost guaranteed success for
#sweepstweetwins $100,000 for her charity and thats a nice gift.
Firingmay have come as a surprise. Shes a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet
Hebelieves that the War on Terror is over Who does he think won?
The Government spends 30% more than it admitsis out of control with his deficit spending.
I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things.
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
Myinterview discussing#WHCD, my Scotland property &amp;using Bin Laden's death
Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open-
Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned The best way to do it is by voting out
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala!
According tothe War on Terror is over
but global warming is a national (cont)
The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned Good- but his attitude is endemic in the EPA
#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observancethat of the client as well as her team- but shes a wonderful person
Myinterview discussing#WHCD, lowering tax rates, Republic of Georgia &amp; (cont)
Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? is (cont)
Snowboarder/Skateboarderstopped by to visit this week....
Aubrey has a lot of self confidencebut will it be warranted? #sweepstweet
Im not sure aboutas Project Manager.can be formidable. But lets see what happens #sweepstweet
The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October.
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice fromandadds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet
Myinterview where I discuss fixing the economy, killing Bin Laden, the John Edwards trial and fair trade.
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy.
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on7:30 AM, don't miss it!
#SuccessByTrump Heres a photo from my appearance atHerald Square with
The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months
ObamaCare continues to slow growth and cost jobs.
Bad move- released $147M in aid to the PalestiniansThat money is going to Hamas.
I wonder whyis now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election?
Congratulations to theon taking a 2-1 lead over theGreat game last night!
The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476KThey love to spend money.
Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday onat 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont)
You can take the smartest kid at Wharton, the one who gets straight A's and has a 170 IQ, and if he doesn't (cont)
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor.
My interview withdiscussing#WHCD and my endorsement of
The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the yearThe price of gas has to be lowered.
Mariano Rivera, Yankee pitcher, is the greatest ever. Get well fast.
is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly fit to run his corporation.
Heis bad, butis worse--not only is he a rat but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
#sweepstweetandhave the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?
Ultimately, Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it, I live in it, and I have a (cont)
Remember the huge amount of money raised byand company #sweepstweet
#sweepstweetandwere on #CelebrityApprenticeand theyre back!
How will the client react? Theyve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
In this book, our second together, we share what gives us the Midas Touch, the ability to turn things we touch (cont)
Congratulations to theon bringing the series home last night.
#SweepsTweetmight get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for
#sweepstweetI very much rely on my own take of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont)
My friend Ronald Kessler explains inthat Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.
Right now, we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year.
China is (cont)
Made in America?argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court.
Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th.
I have a feeling the emphasis byandwill be on the charities and the money raised. (cont)
Myinterview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo,the job numbers and
Heres a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #SuccessHerald Square
#CelebrityApprenticetrying to be invisible?No way thats going to happen. #sweepstweet
WRONG! capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy China really has our number
The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522,000 more people are out of the labor force to 88,419,000.
#CelebrityApprentice Its good to have Jack back too withHes become a star. #sweepstweet
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon.
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be iftried them in NYC?
Could be a fight over red-heads withcould be good. #sweepstweet
The fact is, right now and for the foreseeable future, the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont)
China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded, they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont)
America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
The economy will come back, but it will not be the same economy. The old economy of the Industrial Age is (cont)
Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter designWe should offset the cost from our Chinese debt
This Sunday'swill shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in onthis Sunday at 9PM EST!
Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds Where's the outcry?
Congratulations toon Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech'
Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month highWhere's therecovery?
Editorial byin the DailyCaller: Defending Innovation in America
Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation. #TheArtofTheDeal
Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont)
Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission gave vague directions.
Our Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom, economic freedom, (cont)
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET
Nowis praising China's cooperation in negotiations over Chen GuangchengThis is a sad episode for us.
Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March. Now is the time to buy property.
#CelebrityApprentice Boardroomscan anything be more intense? #sweepstweet
Looks like my work here is done, bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet.Keep watchingevery Sunday 9/8c.
Demand by China continues to raise the price of oilWe must become energy independent through our vast resources.
The innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids. Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is (cont)
The EPA is caught saying that their philosophy is to crucify oil companies That will sure lower the price of gas.
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
With today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this November.can turn the economy around.
Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 yearsChina is eroding the US manufacturing sector.
Its clear to me thatneeds some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didnt have. #sweepstweet
Welcome to therecovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3%
I'll be onon Monday at 7:30 AM...
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone-- has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debtOnly in America!
When willrelease his college and law school transcripts?
Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop, we can be at a tremendous advantage.
Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned.
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont)
#sweepstweetdefinitely fell undernegotiation skillsan important business tool.
Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.
#trumpvlog The song Donald Trump hits 54 million views.Where's my money?
69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this weekA major defeat for
$6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also, (cont)
I'll be onat 7:30 AM Monday
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackovadoes as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards
Ive gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont)
U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high.gas policy and ObamaCare are directly killing jobs.
Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont)
Hisbudget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019 America!
Many many people are thanking me for what I said about& vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.
Whilewatches, China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont)
has created more jobs in the private sector thanhas as President.record (cont)
Many countries are cutting back, big time, on ugly, industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient & (cont)
#CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul, Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week-
Find out what Success smells like. I'll beHerald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont)
Under5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 Another catastrophe is brewing.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
Hehandled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
Thousands of US warplanes, ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China, leaving them open (cont)
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
Look, if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese, we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well.TimeToGetTough
#MidasTouch is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus-
The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record timeIf I hadn't gotten involved, it would still be unused.
Don't be fooled. In 2008promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont)
I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress
Just left the best golf course in the State of California-When in the LA area, check it out even (cont)
I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont)
Today I'm in Aberdeen, Scotland, preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course
Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont)
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking, but even worse they are bad for people's health(cont)
Excited to see thathas joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont)
Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors through high taxes, it takes away the (cont)
Hewould do a great job on Saturday Night Live.
just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday I am surprised he didn't say it in Mandarin.
Congrats toon winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont)
Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where#TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
Recently openedit's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony..
We just have to get tough, get smart, and get a president willing to stand up for America and stick it to the (cont)
Yesterday wasfavorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
In today's #trumpvlogthe Secret Service, and Dick Clark.....
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice, we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner.
Hear me onnow!#rozandmocha
Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending, we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont)
Heis sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans
I'll be on THe Willis Report today at 5 pm EST
has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively againstI am confident he can defeat
can get people back to work.
signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projectsVery impressive. Rick is doing a masterful job.
I'll be on tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.
There can never be a sharp economic recovery untilis out of the White House.
My interview withfrom the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square
Vanity Fair Magazine, which used to be one of my favorites, is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont)
Dick Clark was a friend of mine, he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.
Bydesign, the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation
REPEAL!
Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' byradical anti-gas policiesBHO is forcing Canada to send gas to China.
I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont)
It's Thursday, how much $ haswasted today?
Myinterview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark.A true TV legend who will be missed.
Hewants 23 years oftax returnsLet's see BHO's school (cont)
Heis a successful entrepreneur.successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
RECKLESS!has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined.
Enjoyed watching$ special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont)
Vote for Mar-a-Lago-
Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.
I am in Istanbul,Turkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit.
who wants to raise all our taxes, only pays 20.5% on $790k salary.Do as I say not as I do.
ViaTrump begins renewables mission in Scotland
#CelebrityApprentice contestantstopped by to visit today-
I will be atHerald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance, #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.
It'swants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont)
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conferencediplomatic initiative?!?!
is right--this election is about jobsBut it is interesting that(cont)
I have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new SuccessHerald Square April 18 5:30pm, first (cont)
Myinterview discussingreckless spending, the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice
A bad manager such aswill continually be plagued by scandals.Leadership starts at the top.
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense, they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont)
Tonights #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ETIt will be amazing.
Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18, 5:30 pmHerald Square.
Ifpolicies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump?
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
NowVice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat Wrong course of action.
The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master. (cont)
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood.friends are enemies of the US andThe Islamist winter is here.
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn starwas a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
WatchReady-To-Wear Fashion Show atfeaturingand
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont)
More than anything else, I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes. #TheArtofTheDeal
ViaTrump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran China loves these deals!
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC ,CBS, and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.
Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont)
Good news-- did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto-- go get him Mitt!
I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me. #TheArtofTheDeal
China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly, China will gain a whole (cont)
Whenis not vacationing, he is hosting his top donors in the White House Always having a good time!
Hesaid it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont)
Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte NC, formerly The (cont)
I'll be speaking on Thursday, April 12, at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont)
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great show.
Liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont)
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Theadministration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud. #TimeToGetTough
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump showsall-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsedlies.
I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as (cont)
Fans like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great, exciting things. #TheArtofTheDeal
Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont)
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode
With China beating us like a punching bag daily, OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean, and jobs nowhere in sight, (cont)
When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me, my general attitude, all my life, has (cont)
The Fed must be reined in. In 2011, the Fed bought 61% percent of US debt--even more than 2008. Unsustainable!
Here's the solution on China: get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont)
Heis caught on tape making election promises toon missile defense and national security
keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont)
The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiersTime to get out of there!
Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit,is sending $770M overseas to fight global warming
Trump Tuesday: I'll be ontomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. #TheArtofTheDeal
In 2008warned that electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket during his term. Mission Accomplished!
Heis now losing in the latesttoin PennsylvaniaRick is wasting everyone's time.
Heis incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra.
I'll be onMonday at 7:30 AM.
Photo ofand me from yesterday's interview...
Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont)
It was great seeingandyesterday-
I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susterentonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
Behind the scenes photo ofand I filming an interview-Watch tonight at 10PM ET on
Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. The left needs a dose of reality.
What will beexcuse tomorrow afterwins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont)
A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars, our laws, and our armed forces to get a better deal (cont)
America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont)
is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate
Myinterview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument, gas prices &new clothing line
Myinterview discussingUSC comments, insurance premiums,on the (cont)
doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont)
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont)
Myinterview discussing interest rates, the deficit,timing,and the Doral
When confronted,can't defend his ridiculous attacks on
is desperate. Now he is saying that he would preferover(cont)
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont)
If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world, I highly recommend that you read The Art of (cont)
Whetherplan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
America's competitors love sayshas been the best 3 years for Russia
I wonder ifhas promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
Biden is delusional. He is criticizingon jobs.economic record is an abject failure.
A study saysis out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont)
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont)
endorsement ofshows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat
- my description of- Future President or POTUS 45 orWorst Nightmare
Hemade a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont)
has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont)
Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile. Anything can (cont)
The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go.
Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont)
What's incredible is thathasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage. (cont)
Bad news for reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont)
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont)
Hewants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime
Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont)
This is a great time forto bow out with dignity.
Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win.
My #TrumpTuesdayinterview discussing golf, VP choices, the real estate market & healthcare reform
Whilecriticizes the GOP budget, his own party graded him with an F by voting down his budget in the House 414-0.
Don't miss me onMonday at 7:30 AM
The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success. (cont)
#CelebApprentice contestantsandjoined me for interviews today-
Why gas prices will rise, Miss Canada/Miss Universe, and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog...
Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/BarrelWe need to use our own energy resources.
studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices
Remember what I said aboutattacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont)
Heshould not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont)
I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose, CA) (cont)
Myinterview discussing healthcare monopolies,oil prices andbirthday
Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont)
Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont)
The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. #TheArtofTheDeal
I'll be onon Monday at 7:30 AM.
I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont)
Myinterview discussing theacquisition ofand the timing ofplan
Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont)
White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining whysupported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont)
My book withMidas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the thumb-
The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down$3.6T budget (cont)
Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failedleadership.
doesn't look injured to me. Even if he's in a fight, does he have to use a gun--and why shoot (cont)
Another solar companyfunded with our money has filed for bankruptcy One (cont)
If we reelectthe America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont)
The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont)
Hereceived an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over(cont)
My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to beVP.
He (cont)
That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont)
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry -Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont)
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind.
Trump Tuesday on7:30 AM, is getting very good ratings as ison Mondays, 7:30 AM.
Therecovery - US unemployment is 9.1%, US underemployment is 19.1%Businesses won't hire under Obama.
Strong leader:Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont)
Hehas as much chance of being the GOP nominee asdoes of ever having a successful (cont)
My interview ondiscussing whywill defeatwith a strong campaign.
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.
Myinterview withwhere I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources.
SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double whatpromised -- over $1.76 -- and result (cont)
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York---winner ofthe Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012.
Heclaims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008:
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont)
Hisspecialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
While China screws us with every turn of its currency, is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face, (cont)
Pathetic:did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it.
should consider Gov McDonnell of VA, Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job.
Heshould get out of the race so Republicans can focus on
Someone should askin today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
I am so gladgot fired byRosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
I'll be onMonday at 7:30 AM.Be sure to tune in.
Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
My interview withon behalf ofdiscussing why the GOP must nominate
The day afterblocks a Texas voter photo ID law,exposes more dead people getting ballots
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent.is reckless.
Heinvited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State DinnerSo corrupt!
When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability, you (cont)
America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression.can get us out of it. (cont)
NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont)
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont)
In terms of energy, we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont)
has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat
did well last night. He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates.will be the nominee.
has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.
He is a professional and true gentleman:is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on Afghanistan,and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice...
Hewill lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont)
The Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great episode!
Why gas prices will costre-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama
Yes, the BP oil spill was bad, but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont)
Hewants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see. #freespeechIt doesn't work that way!
is clearly not a team player. If he was, knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont)
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case ofI support a full investigation and justice.
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in
Myinterview where I discuss whyis an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices.
Once again,proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont)
I'll be onMonday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it.
lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.
China talks about the so-called carbon footprint and then, behind our leaders backs, they laugh. They could (cont)
Hepromised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont)
Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE(cont)
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
My interview withdiscussingSuper Tuesdayand whymust be defeated.
Give great credit tofor exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode
Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode!
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
#CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog to find out about our new App
Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class, but will soon be The Best.
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont)
doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas He wants $6/gallon gas!
We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont)
Heis using the IRS to sabotage the Tea PartyWhat about the Occupy Wall Street groups?
Hehad another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont)
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this?is being punished for his political views
Theadministration now claims to have done everything to reduce gas prices What about Keystone?
When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18,was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Congratulations tofor being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates isThe primary is over.
Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly.
Just bought Doral Hotel &amp; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country.
Happy and proud to helpwin Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid, Trayvon (cont)
I commendfor defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
Myinterview discussing the GOP primary, gas prices, the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy.
I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters, but (cont)
The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude They always play this game (cont)
Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month.They don't want us, what (cont)
Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.
The military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont)
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
Myinterview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers, gas prices and acquiring the Doral
Why doesalways have to rely on teleprompters?
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance.
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates (cont)
Strange--why didn'thold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare?
Ron DeSantis, Iraq vet, Navy hero, bronze star, Yale, Harvard Law, running for Congress in Fla. Very impressive.
Congratulations to Woody Johnson andon acquiringis not only a winner but a leader. (cont)
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection.has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont)
Myinterview where I discussbeing canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV
Myinterview discussing today's primary contests,lead and my stock picks
As an honorary Buckeye I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for puttingover the top. It was a crucial win.
We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators, but they are. Presidents are our (cont)
The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama, because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont)
Coincidence? More than half of47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs.
If we keep on this path, if we reelectthe America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont)
Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimatesis bankrupting this country!
China is raising its defense budget by 11%wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy.
He may be the worst reporter in all of sports:ofHe gets away with murder and most people (cont)
America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration:success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow, every time I look, I can't help thinking of (cont)
The fact is, you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont)
Yesterday China VP Xi stressed the benefits of trade with China to Congress We need FAIR TRADE with China!
What America needs:follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing......
My interview withonon behalf ofdiscussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney.
I fully support the andThey should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.
Gas prices are up 30 cents this month, rising 21 days in a row Don't worry -has a solution--ALGAE!
HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt...
is right--the Chinese have 'walked all over' will rein in the Chinese.
Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!
Admitted: Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont)
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus onAmerica cannot survive a second term.
Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. We must control spending.
Irony!was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday.
With respect to Iran, we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont)
If the GOP will have any chance to beatin November, the great people of Michigan need to supportcandidacy.
New York Times Apologizes to Donald Trump
A recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont)
Americans understand that the US has a spending problem, not a revenue problem. #TimeToGetTough
The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft. (cont)
Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont)
RTBike we built forThe gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing!
Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont)
Hewrote a great piece on China criticized him(cont)
is having wonderful ratings once again.&I am very proud of this season.
If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field, we could easily (cont)
We are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or (cont)
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
toin #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me Really Conservative
Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel. (cont)
The more I get to knowthe more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of
He made a great contribution to the press-- will be missed.
Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the&for issuing (cont)
Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. Instead (cont)
Bush was called unpatriotic byin '07 for adding $4T to debt increased it $6T in 3 years.
Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night!
Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont)
In last night's #CNNDebateproved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the (cont)
Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off whilewatches.
Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont)
Rev. Graham made a critical point.has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont)
As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows, America needs to import oil from a reliable region. Keystone XL Pipeline (cont)
claims that his Koran apology calmed things down US troops were killed by (cont)
Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us.is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
Myinterview discussing whyis a great nominee, gas prices and why George Will is a loser.
Dopeythe most overrated political pundit in the business, continues to downgrade the Republican (cont)
Weakness is very dangerous:is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud.
is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont)
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo.should open more land for drilling, not tap the reserve.
As gas prices keep rising,won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes, algae - as an (cont)
China is getting minerals from AfghanistanWe are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't.Time to get out.
Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTonhas received many 4 star reviews.
Mitt's got it right:attacks onpro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow.Neither can we but that doesn't stop
Mark my words, a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont)
A MUST READ!last article--The Vetting, Part I:Love Song to Alinsky
Whileis obsessed with 'green collar jobs,' blue collar workers aren't buying it. (cont)
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower.....
He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter?
This is good news:is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to
ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yetis cutting our troops healthcare.(cont)
Gallup poll proves thatregulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring SHOCK!
The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15%economic recovery is all Hope
RT Trump: 'Celebrity Apprentice' Season 5 is 'Tough, Nasty & Smart.' Watch:
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell!
My interview withwhere I explain that gas is headed to $5, $6 and whycan't win
If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont)
By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs,continues to weaken our (cont)
For a country like China, being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont)
should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive.
After Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
I loved being a surrogate on behalf ofI am glad I was able to help him win.
Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip to
Aspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont)
Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST onApprentice is back! Tune in for a great show.
We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong. #TimeToGetTough
is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
In 2008,campaigned against $3.50 gasIt is now $6 in Florida and on the rise. He is a disaster!
Once again,speech atyesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing(cont)
Myinterview from this morning discussing the price of oil, windfarms,Doral Hotel & Country Club and more...
As thetook their 16th vacation this month, unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont)
Nowwants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont)
America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont)
I'm onevery Monday morning at 7:30...
Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted. owns the gas prices.
American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation, but the Chinese (cont)
I've got news for PresidentAmerica is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont)
My robocall on behalf ofplaying across the state of Michigan
Mydiscussing thediscussing the cast
Today will be a Super Tuesday for-- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
Myinterview withdiscussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force
Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont)
IfObama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution, then maybe he should have (cont)
Timing is important, so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed.
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower--
Every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse (cont)
Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hearts, big brains, and (cont)
RT:Polling shows themovement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory...
As a parent, education has a high priority, it is very important. I went to one of the best schools and (cont)
Q/A I receive a great many requests for interviews, nationally and internationally.
Q/A Yes, I'd give the real numbers.
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
I have not metbut his song, Donald Trump, has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing.
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont)
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
A day after Greece burnedreleased a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
As someone once put it, Marriage is the greatest anti-poverty program God ever created. #TimeToGetTough
Thanks, I'll keep at it.
I only require four hours of sleep per night.
Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series, Mister (cont)
Anothergreen car loan recipient is laying off staff. How many billions of our money has he wasted?
A day afterreleased a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.
This is dangerous:is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont)
My best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. You need passion. (cont)
Government dependency has surged over 23% sincehas taken office.He is creating an entitlement culture.
#trumpvlog My thoughts onin today's video blog...
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'? (cont)
hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns.
I seepoll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
Myinterview withdiscussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church.
When the economy is bad,wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good,wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
A clip from my interview withdiscussing the cast ofSeason 5
will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont)
Why should he? He's only the POTUS--andhas no opinion on whether the Senate should pass a budget.
Why isthe only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
I like to invest in what I know, which tends to be real estate, but I keep an open mind.
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
Hegets the China problem, why don't the others?
Sohad another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont)
I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success.
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy.great teamwork!
Myinterview discussing my friend Whitney Houston,CPAC speech,the economy and primary
So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump. (cont)
That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the (cont)
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.It is a losing issue forand must be repealed.
America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont)
I see my friendis speaking at CPAC. Solid guy, wonderful job. #sayfie
Sorry, she's taken.
I endorsednot because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.
So wrong!is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
Who is the dumbest man on TV?of MSNBC...
Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada.
No, not trademarked.
I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.
budget funds the Arab Spring with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
Scenes from last night's episode ofwhereand I visit the OCC HQ
You'll have to watch to find out.
A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the yearThepolicy realized!
Q/A The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy, focus (cont)
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont)
interview withdiscussingthe economy and politics
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
Maybe they don't want to.
Wrong Policy:wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific.
You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up.
Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont)
This has to stop!loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion.
He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink!
#trumpvlog Windfarms in today's video blog...
China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly, China will gain a whole (cont)
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed.
Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no, he gave away our country to China!
Myinterview withdiscussingelectability andSenate loss.
A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force duringrecovery Don't trust the job numbers.
Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't riskbenefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
I already have two great pilots.
The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious, and that's to control Obama-style (cont)
It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone. (cont)
Obama doesnt respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont)
My agenda is such that I can't meet with you, but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.
My first job was working for and with my father, Fred C. Trump.
Look, when it comes to China, America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive, gullible, foolish (cont)
The recession was made worse byA $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oilrejected in Keystone.Unbelievable!
The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiateand his big spending allies in (cont)
I was in my twenties.
The fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work. #TimeToGetTough (cont)
The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki, Midas Touch. (cont)
We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings and investment. It's time to (cont)
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda:lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by
#CelebApprentice
In answer to your question, my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family.
Very successful fund raising foryesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart (cont)
Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right.budget is a nervous breakdown on paper.
MySuper Bowl commercial which aired during the third quarter.
The economy is in terrible shape.is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth.
Congratson a huge NV victory. Lets makea one term president#OneTermFund
To theadministration, saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont)
Food stamps up 45%. Federal handouts up 45%. Ishappy?
Its sadtruly sad and disgracefulthe way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont)
Shocking--two oflargest campaign bundlers are directly linked to SolyndraWhat a coincidence!
What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage. (cont)
Myinterview discussing the Super Bowl, the real unemployment numbers, Iran and(cont)
I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday, February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont)
Myinterview withdiscussing my endorsement ofand how I came to my decision
For those who missed my chat withon radio, here it is on TV. Sean is terrific.
Tonight in his SOTU,won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
Check out this great story from the
SOTU claim that companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas is 100% false
It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare, of (cont)
America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance. #TimeToGetTough (cont)
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
Watch my endorsement of
All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt, more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
Youre hired! Thead is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting! Vote for me &
Keystone:MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill.
He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America.has done an (cont)
A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before. #TimeToGetTough
Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today. (cont)
For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is, Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont)
I have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont)
I bet the dumbest political commentator on television,will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont)
Destroying the world's finest health-care system so thatcan have his socialized medicine program (cont)
His spending is reckless:will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.
The Prayer Breakfast was used byto say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
I watchedat the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont)
My interview withdiscussing this season's#TimeToGetTough, the economy and GOP primary.
Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors, it takes away the money that creates (cont)
Myinterview discussingwanting me to run for POTUS,SOTU and his China policy
Hewants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban.The Taliban out negotiates him!
#trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address, Apple, and a greatarticle....
Watch me ontonight at 9PM ET on
Look, here's the deal:has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont)
After Solyndra,is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
Notice howfailed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with(cont)
The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont)
Myinterview discussing my possible GOP endorsement,taxes and the Florida primary.
He makes a mistake every hour, every day admitsThe problem is that we are paying for them.
People are smart. They know you can't be for jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work. (cont)
gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004I guess he only likes spending our money.
I believeis manipulating the jobless numbers
Not the world, only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you.You're too stupid to (cont)
A tough week was had by but he's come back from adversity before.
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont)
Myinterview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary andelectability
All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford. (cont)
The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election. Why didforce Mubarak out? He was an ally.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember thatis the main target. He must not be reelected.
Keystone must be approved through Congress.is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
The New York Times/Bill Carter/Sept.26, 2011: On MSNBC, meanwhile, Lawrence O'Donnell has lost 100,000 viewers (cont)
To vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best #Superbowl commercial, click the following link and Like the page.
#trumpvlogdismal record in today's video blog....
It has been 1,000 days sincehas passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney George (Mitt's father). Sadly, time is up for Tom.
I was onthis morning
Another electric car firm thatgave $118M just went bankrupt. He loves to waste our tax dollars.
The Muslim Brotherhood,allies in Egypt, will cancel the Camp David Agreement.What a disaster!
As China is building an air and naval force,is cutting ours.He is weakening our national security.
Myinterview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National, the FL primary,and OPEC
A gallon of gas has more than doubled whilehas been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
My appearance this morning on Good Morning America...
Keystone pipeline would create 20,000 direct jobs, another 50,000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700,000 barrels a (cont)
Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs,has been a total (cont)
Check out this photo shoot video ofSpring 2012 collection....
Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 Melania Timepieces & (cont)
It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated. #TimeToGetTough(cont)
Last night in his SOTU,claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
Russian Ambassador stated that he supports universal values not American values (cont)
Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot ontonight.
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz andwon't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
I will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower, Las Vegas, (cont)
The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year. This iseconomic recovery.
He admits his presidency has been flawed...butclaims economy is stronger.
I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world. #TimeToGetTough
Myinterview withdiscussing why I endorsedand why he will make a great President
So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump. (cont)
Myinterview withdiscussing my endorsement ofand why he can beat
Sleepy eyedthinks Las Vegas is a state--seethis morning.
The point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure, and they know they're not going to get (cont)
#SuperBowl Vote for me and
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen.
Formerly of the New York Times,was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly, he is an even (cont)
Congratulations tofor an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont)
Myinterview discussingeconomic failures, attack on capitalism and playing class warfare.
We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. (cont)
Myinterview withdiscussing the national housing market, unemployment numbers and the FL (cont)
All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat
SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011 He can't even deliver ratings in an election year.
Did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power Americas (cont)
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because thenwould have wasted billions on it.
Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering.has a beautiful family.
We need more grown-ups in Washington, people who will shoot straight and level with the American people. #TimeToGetTough
Congratulations toon a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
Nobody cares about the Iowa straw poll is whatsaid yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as Your Excellency.
She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself.
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions.
A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before. #TimeToGetTough
Be sure to watch my interview ontonight!
A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely, not funneling it to his cronies (cont)
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning
The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont)
If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont)
If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont)
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for
Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont)
Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster.#TimeToGetTough
51% ofNH voters are satisfied withas presidentSo is
China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation, its systematic (cont)
Myinterview from this morning
Canada will now sell its oil to China becauserejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and todayis in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly, it is over for Michele.
Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. #TimeToGetTough
wont approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China (cont)
We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. #TimeToGetTough(cont)
ObamaCare is such a national treasure thathas waived over 1,200 companies from the law
The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
Myinterview from Friday where I predicted thatin South Carolina would change the race.
may have been a good community organizer, but the man is a lousy international dealmaker. #TimeToGetTough
In all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont)
asked Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model.Another diplomatic coup!
If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them, those countries should pay for the protection.#TimeToGetTough
New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.
We need a president who knows how to get things done, who can keep America strong, safe, and free, and who can (cont)
Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock.#TimeToGetTough
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. Andstill won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
Rick Perry--a good man, a great family and a patriot.
The damage that Democrats, weak Repubicans, and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put (cont)
Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !
I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces. #TimeToGetTough
Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont)
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.
I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely, even. #TimeToGetTough(cont)
ReceivingLifetime Achievement Award & chairingdebuton Jan.19
Congratulations tofor coming out of Iowa a winner!
The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.' #TimeToGet Tough
The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation. (cont)
Whileis slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
Anotherinvestment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come-- --we need real leadership.
Newt attacks onrecord at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!
???held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont)
AMAZING -has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont)
Priorities:wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont)
Playing politics with the Keystone decision?vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.
If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious.
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system #TimeToGetTough
Rosie O'Donnell's show is dead- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings.is a stone cold (cont)
Presidentvacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont)
For too long we've been pushed around, used by other countries, and ill-served by politicians in Washington who (cont)
Beyond simple justice, and beyond reducing our national debt, another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont)
Our country has a big heart. And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own. #TimeToGetTough (cont)
He should be ignored:foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat
Listen to my interview withtonight at 10PM ET on
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet!
A good friend:More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont)
China has hacked another US government body.
When will we learn?
President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont)
People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't. #TimeToGetTough
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont)
The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work#TimeToGetTough
Myinterview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field
Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner
but not to vote?
I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create Make America Great Party on my behalf.
When willrelease his transcripts? What is he hiding?
Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed
He knows he won't have to spend much:has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
To state the obvious, if any business operated the way the government does, it would go under. #TimeToGetTough
I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer
There are 11 more Solyndras in theenergy programHe loves to waste our (cont)
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont)
Mywithdiscussing the Keystone pipeline, Re-election is more important than 20,000 jobs and (cont)
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - Huntsman goes Donald Trump
This is whyis a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
Under PresidentChina has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses. #TimeToGetTough
The Republicans should NOT givethe authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont)
Nowis planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground.
Myinterview withwhere I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary
Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. Weve given them billions and billions of dollars, and what (cont)
#trumpvlog The Republicans must defeatnot themselves.....
While Obama is obsessed with green collar jobs, blue collar workers aren't buying it. (cont)
Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action. #TimeToGetTough
Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday.
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason whycan't manage to pass his agenda.
Texas is lucky to have him---is a great guy!
With unempoyment over 10% in 2009,held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!
Instead of creating new jobs, Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come, since the truly (cont)
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?
is a genius when's it comes to businessThank you!
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
the best Christmas present I could ever ask for is havingre-tweet me onceMerry Christmas!
First time inand in NYC, and was one place I'm glad I didn't miss! Beautiful building and a must see place!
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
No one remembers who came in second. -Walter Hagen
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington, we make it BEST EVER
Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up.
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
good thing about Trump..NOT a snob. A straight-arrow w/street sense. Appeals to the masses..a leader all can appreciate Thx.
Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.
The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice ismassive (a record). IRONIC!
The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience. - Midas Touch
I love Donald Trump. #apprenticeaddict .... Thank you, so nice!
#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine, what the hell are you doing, are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will supportJustine is FIRED!
Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year!
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range.
Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!
MrI admire your determination so much, my best wishes to you and your family. Thank you.
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
what is key to attracting new customers.thanks The gold standard, only the best for clients &amp; customers. Every time
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
I think I'm about to purchase Art of the Deal byGreat!
Myinterview discussing the Make America Great Again Texas filing and the Iowa caucus
Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression. - Think Like a Champion
The global warmingscientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.
The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do. -- Steve Jobs
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression.- Think Like a Billionaire
Entrepreneursbe tough, resolute &amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa, all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now
Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard.
#2.Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience!
I don't always agree with you but I must say you do know how to inspire...Thank you.
I hate everything thatsays/does for the most part, but he's a Great businessman so I respect that.O.K.!
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory!
I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately, Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project. $25 tolls?
I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country &amp; invite you to visit - we will host you &amp; show you the beauty
It just seems like a tweet fromwill inspire the person to achieve great things. That's just my belief.WOW
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
. we raised $60K+ in two months for Nancy and today she officially beat Leukemia ! WAY TO GO NANCY!
When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
How do you deal with anxiety?I don't! I refuse to even think about it. Be positive.
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
seems likehas a history of bad decision making. Maybe that's the point TURBINES
Can't stop watching interviews and documentaries ofthe man is a legendThank you, so nice!
Myinterview withdiscussing the GOP primary, my 2012 options and whymust lose
Been a bit quiet lately? Told my job is at risk NY - any tips to cheer me up? Be positive, do your best!
Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere.
#3.Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
!!! Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.Think Like a ChampionSo true!
Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
I will be on thetomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
Bring in 2014NYE soire -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party w/SoHi &amp;
Congratulations toandon yesterday's very exciting game.
Wrapping thecollection shirts &amp; ties I bought at #Macys. Gorgeous Christmas gifts! Great!
Donald Trump and Mike Tyson
Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Joinfor the chic &amp; elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration
Yo, bro, you rock! Fo real.Very cool, thanks!
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people.released the terrorist!
love your words of wisdom.Merry Christmas &amp; happy new yearThanks.
Thank you to&amp; Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article Governor Trump? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller.
heyyou're my favThanks.
I look up to my manfor he has become one of the greatest Entrepreneurs in this times history. Thx
The best thing you win by winning USA /Universe is the opportunity to learn from.....Thank you.
Few things in life are as wonderful as mymattress. It's like laying on a cloud. #heavenly By Serta!
Via Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities.
Nelson Mandela andtwo world's leaders
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show wasfantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela
O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love
I'm not a friend nor an enemy, just an admirer! Merry Christmas to you!You also, thanks!
After every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible. - Think BigTrue!
I could sleep tonight if you told me we will seeon Celebrity Apprentice before I die.She would be great
Way to go Alex for releasing terrorists. How do you sleep at night? To the sound of death!
Did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot? That is great news!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. See if your question made it-
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
I have always been a strong follower of your teachings. I don't know why u have started being so negative.I haven't!
Ask yourself, Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
awesomeThsnks!
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds. - Larry Bird
Cant fool Americans. 57% of uninsured hate ObamaCareReality is less will be insured b/c of this monstrosity.
Trump is addictingI'm sure you are also!
I love the faux confidence gives people on Twitter...your haters would never say these things to your face.Not haters,losers!
We had a great exchange on Twitter re: you being snubbed forperson of the year, Time=no guts!
should have at least been nominated for an Oscar in Home Alone 2.I agree!
FRACK NOW &amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - Babe Ruth
Now Sebelius is 'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid Complete mess. Enrollment Numbers are a sham.
Governor Cuomo won't get any real challenge unless it's Mr. Trump.. True!
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blowto the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
If you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
my bro lives at your Charlotte property and said the club is fantastic! Great, thanks!
i think you would be our best president since Reagan
Congrats to Pres.Obama on having 3 ofbiggest Pinocchios of the year Great accomplishment!
Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obamas diplomacy. #SaveSaeed
Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now
Economics behind ugly, bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont)
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John.
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available
Unsustainable. With our $17T debt &amp; $90T in unfunded liabilities, government blatantly wasted $30B this year
ObamaCare Story of the Day: Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCare
Bestof 2013:Donald Trump at
If you want the best, youd better be the bestin all aspects of business.Think Like a Billionaire
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!#TrumpTower
No better place to celebrate New Years Eve thanthe most elite hotel in downtown NYC
New York Republican leaderis pushing my friendinto political suicide. Results wont be pleasant!
For all of those that think life is easy &amp; dont want to work, remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MANS BREAD.
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge?
My complaint againstis a case study for JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.
ViaPlease Pray for Me I Am Losing My InsuranceJust one of the millions of cases like this...
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
If you keep tweeting Macy's advertisements, I will unfollow you.No you won't, you're stuck.
ObamaCare Horror Story: Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration
strikes again!
We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp; others are hurting our air
my brother wears your ties to work everyday. He loves them. He's also a huge fan of yours! Say hello!
You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. -Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
If more people thought likethe world would be a better place. #TrumpForPresident2016Thanks!
I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
Personally, I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry.
Is business success a natural talent? I think its a combination of aptitude, work and luck.Think Like a Champion
. Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
They call it climate change now because the words global warming didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
the only man that understands politics, #trump2016
Heywhere can I buy your shirts and ties in the uk please? Go to Macy's online.
Lightweightis pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!
. a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he has designed.
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win.
The coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
#LieOfTheYear is Obamas if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. Wrong. Its the lie of the decade.
Enough about my ties etc.but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (andloves Trump)!
Prime Ministeris very foolish in givingso much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
Rated Toronto's #1 hotel,has 261 guest rooms &amp; suites furnished in elegant, cosmopolitan style.
A really nice article about the Blue Monster from The Street.
If you cant adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. - Knute Rockne
Whendefended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate, she was defending a complete lie
Secret Service members on break from Obamas $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaiis top hotel
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his native Hawaii, putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in todays world.Think Like a Champion
Mr Trump. I bought one of your ties when I was in Manhattan. Who is carrying your line here in Toronto? Macy's online.
All I want for Christmas is more of your ties, great quality!Thanks!
Sources insideoffice are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what?? Thank you!
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shirts, suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style, great price! ONLY THE BEST
Its Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
Trump National Hudson Valley's 7,693 yd, par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses.
The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp; holiday gift by far
Guess what, folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
I just bought one of his shirts for my wife's Christmas party. Great quality. Got lots of compliments!Great!
Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!
Packed with holiday celebrations, members &amp; staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadistsCongratulations to the Obama administration.
59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The global warming name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. - Theodore Roosevelt
The ill-conceived windfarm thatis pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
You very honorably tried to help #freepastorsaeed when Obama abandoned another Christian. Stand up against #AETV w us now!
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
Young Entrepreneursthe Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!
Hey I LOVEHe is a man that commands authorityThank you!
Regis, you are the GREATEST!
beautiful MacLeod House &amp; Lodge offers luxurious accommodations &amp; dining w/ sea views
Wow, a really great review of my golf club in Scotland,in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you!
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho inSA.
The talk in Albany is that JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont)
#firefightersfordonald You make what I do worth while. I'm holding faith you will run for any office. Thanks Brent!
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
2014 is a big year for Apprentice too! 10 years ago this January it started! So true, amazing!
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years. forced the failing developers to delay!
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself, the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
A beautiful view from my office today-
The ill-conceived windfarm thatis pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
My shirts, ties &amp; cufflinkshave never been better or more beautiful. Great holiday gifts, great price.
I look forward to you on Mondays! Always insightful conversations Thanks
This is great!! How awesome of Mr. Trump!Thank you.
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!
Have u ever considered meeting w/ Obama? He might be open to your wisdom &amp; business savvy. I doubt it!
Exciting newsAfter massive construction, the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today.
Come on MLB, do the right thing! Letinto the Hall.No drugsjust hard work and talent!
Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to
Re Kerry admitting to working for Pastor Abedinis release--why has US already released Iranian spies &amp; nuclear scientist? Dumb!
After every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible. - Think Big
thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini. I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works! Thx
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is letall time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
Naghmeh Abedini, the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail, just left my office. #savesaeed
A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.Nelson Mandela
Happy Birthday Sarina.
State Senator Shirley Huntley ratted on black politicians &amp; was believed--when she ratted onnobody listened. Racism!
I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. Donald Trump
Thank you for caring for this family and their need. God bless you!Thank you.
I look forward to your segment every week. Clear, concise and common sense! Thanks.
. was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud, and safe!
After staying at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in NYC everything else seems subpar.Thank you.
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame-
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox&amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
Via to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini
How can NYS allow lightweightto remain in office? What are JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions waiting on?
Miss Universe 2012with the bossduring #MissUniverse2013 #ThrowBack
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failingmagazine?
Wheres the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passedHis signature legislation...
ViaScottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed
I'd work forfor freeI love that!
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
DonaldTrump for Pres 2016 America's economy needs his business Midas Touch &amp; no nonsense approach Thx.
Great meeting withthe wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed, who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
Thanks.
Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati, the financial &amp; social capital of Philippines
- was so awesome u hostedthis week! Please give it ur utmost to #FreeSaeed! I will!
Steps away from Waikiki's famous beaches,is Hawaiis top destinationw/our signature amenities
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
ViaPastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
What was one thing others underestimated about you?That I never give up!
Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today?
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. -
Looking forward to hostingnext weekThe White House hasabandoned her husband, Christian Pastor Abedini.
Graydon Carter, whose reign over failinghas been a disaster, has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp; got bad reviews.
did you tourOne of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard Thank you!
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties, shirts &amp; cufflinksfor Christmas &amp; holidays.
Watching The Apprentice UK. Not as good asApprentice. True!
As always &amp; due to popular demand, will be openChristmas eve &amp; day as well as New Year's eve &amp; day
In making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!
ViabyTRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTORS FREEDOM IN IRAN
The atrium ofdressed up for Christmas-
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.
-- Nelson Mandela
How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obamas birth certificate died in plane crash today. All others lived
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
We've been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins. Next year it all changes
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
Donald, you also belong in the same category as a great leader. The US needs you! Thanks.
Just readbook Shooting Straight and whether you love him or hate him (Im in the first category), it is terrific.
Viaby Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didnt Even Ask'Thanks Bristol!
A real president wouldn't take a selfie during ANY memorial service. #NelsonMandelaMemorial
Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c wasnt mentioned in his book. I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
The now $1.2B ObamaCare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data.
People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. There are always opportunities.
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
Myself &amp;back in the summer.Great place &amp; a great man.Thx Mark
&amp; #NelsonMandela. Both legends.Wow, what a compliment.
Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.Think Like a Champion
Our prayers are with Rev.for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years. forced the failing developers to delay!
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.Donald Trump
Its time forto enter All time hits leader has paid the price.
I really enjoy doingevery Monday at 7 AM.andare great people.
Thank you for raising awareness on her plight!! My honor.
The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
LET PETE Rose in!!! YES!!!! he deserves it
Had dinner last night at Megu, 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food, beautiful restaurant.
You're one of the most educated, handsome and sophisticated men that I know of. Men should aspire to be like you.Thank you!
What a sad thing that thememory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
Everyone should look at what he has done &amp; take notes if you want to be successful. Thx
Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight
Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago, hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope, was fabulous. Big money raised for charity
Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!
Congrats to &amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to Great leaders &amp; managers.
ViabyTrump: Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastor
botox botox botox botox
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
Can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance.. can't afford this
. claims he has never stopped working f/Pastor Abedinis release through back channels.Where are the results?
. and John Heilemannsbook, Double Down, is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book, congrats!
doesnt give a fuck, he just tells it like it is lol LEGENDA very honest person, thanks!
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!
Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp; club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success.
Thank you.
Congrats tofor firing Martin Bashirdont feel badly, he didnt get ratings anyway.
Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss!
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed
Arctic Ice Extent Highest In A Decadevia
Thank you.
The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.John Madden
Mr.Trump has the Midas Touch! Thank you, very nice!
Wind turbine projects are destroying rural Ont. Wind energy is a scam originally pushed by scamster Ken Lay of Enron
love the Ties!! Great selection of colours.They are a big hit, thanks.
Many great business campaigns at Great way to support small upstarts.
Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. Thats building the right way.Think Like a Champion
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
To become a champion, fight one more round. -- James J. Corbett, long ago Heavyweight Champion
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax!
Palm Beach, FL industrial wind farm scrapped Thousands of birds/bats saved from death
Thank you.
Donald Trump for President!!Interesting!
A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work.
Wow, the ObamaCare website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
Andrew Carnegie was the Donald Trump of early 1900's. He didn't take crap from anybody. A great compliment!
Turbines will also kill more birds than developer will admit to &amp; ruin lives of folks living close &amp; not reduce CO2
because you tell it like it is and the liberal media can't stand it! Keep blasting away!Thx
ties r awesome!Thanks!
Thank you.
four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices, each embodying excellence
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine wouldfold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back!
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Happy Birthday
Wind turbines kill up to 39 million birds a year, Industry hides evidence of kills
How the Green movement kills: 31,000 excess winter deaths in Britain last year. Each turbine kills 6 pensioners.
Thanks.
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!
Beautiful! Let's keep it that way. #turbinefree RTSunset on Sand Mountain.
incredible level of customer service. Best guest experience ever #LevelsThanks.
New reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency Our leaders better get smart fast.
AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!
To all people in the UAE: your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at Dubai #Expo2020. Congratulations, a fantastic win!
It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela
Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness! Sue the pants off NY AG!
Have fun, enjoy NYC.
Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!
Definitely added to my collection. great product RTI hope you buy my shirts and ties atGreat!
No more wind turbines, county tells province:Wind farm developers should look elsewhere than Duffe...
Guilty plea in bird deaths at wind farms a first - New York News
Grand Deluxe Suites = Chicagos most spacious hotel rooms, each w/ 10 ft floor to ceiling windows
Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.-- Albert Camus
jUST WANTED TO SAY THANKYOU. YOUR A GREAT MANThank you!
boy (6) is REALLY intoand getting RE so I call him Trump Jr (nicely!). Hope you don't mind! ;)My honor
who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president?
Great!
Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit, nobody cares, but with me they go nuts!
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
That was a great football game.
Thank you.
Any thing u work on is awesomeThanks.
The problem w/ the concept of global warming is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on fixing it while China &amp; others do nothing!
look what heavy winds did to one of our Scottish wind turbines
also mention charity payment when PGA tour comes there for the event.True!
Yes, it will happen.
Wind Turbines are Ugly and a FRAUD. Remove them. UK is going down the gutter.
Thanks.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU!
Our billion dollar website-
I hope and knowwill win in court. Very bad what the AG did to him &amp; Trump University!
Great!
Here we go again via ... another bad deal.
Dyingjust named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevantwont be around long!
Trump Int. Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautifultower
Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout worldtoo expensive to build &amp; operatedont work. (cont)
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
With few exceptions, only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important, but brains will supersede.
Sleazebaghas just been forced to resign fromHis pathetic apology wasnt enough to save his job.
A special message for Martin Bashir-
Thanks Steve!
You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck.
Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed.
Thanks.
Wow, its now official. ObamaCare website has topped $1BWill soon be up to $1.5B
Very classy stuff mr.trump great christmas gifts.True and thanks!
I hope you buy my shirts and ties at
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. --Harry S. Truman
I wish you would run for Pres.. We need someone with a big pair to help un-screw our countries future. Do it for children
great to see you building more in Canada!!! Thanks.
great ties! Wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in Scottsdale, AZ!
Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
. wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly butwont let themhes (cont)
Thanks.
. couldnt sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarmsoforced phony extension.
you'll never know what impact your tweets have on followers livesThank you, so nice!
LORDS OF WINDFARMS: How Britains richest landowners are making millions from turbines
Offshore Wind in Europe: Lessons for the U.S.viaThe lesson should be that it's a lousy idea!!!
First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again!
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? - John Wooden
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
ViaJAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY!
Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement
War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October Terrible, especially during holiday season.
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
Great!
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
Weak newscasters are asking is there a racial component to knockout attacks? Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
Happy Birthday!
In Vegas? Enjoy Thanksgiving inDJT lounge where thegames will be playing all day
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
ViaDonald Trump in NewVideo Emin &amp; family are wonderful people.
Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer, Arthur Zeckendorf
Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at5 Star, 5 Diamond Sixteen restaurant
If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing themeasy target.
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one
Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCarelet it fail.Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons, will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines!
My ties, shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.
70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula,offers fine dining, five pools &amp; luxury rooms
Thanks.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Lightweight shakedown artist AG Eric Schneiderman was exposed in todays New York Post editorial
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
with even a half decent running mate I don't see how you could lose against the Democrats ineptness. #Trumo2016
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday.Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our leaders have plenty!
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives.
I will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const
I will check it out, thanks.
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
We enjoy hosting tourists inThey come from all over the world to see the Atrium, a NYC landmark.
Can you believe that President Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell!
Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005
Should the golden eagle be Scotland's national bird?Won't be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in
I dedicate my 750 tweet to most inspiring entrepreneurs of our time Thx.
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
Really like the ties. Have a handful and they are my favorite. Use them well!
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster, they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
Just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!
Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch?
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!
Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went forbird chopping wind turbines inand fought me on bird friendly golf course!
Thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden #eagle Scotland's national bird! Being KILLED by wind turbines
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
Young entrepreneurskeep positive. Dont let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!
ReigningChampiondoes great work withDonate to an Injured Warrior today
Why didn't Obama, as part of the negotiation, free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini?
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world.
Trump International in Dubaiwill be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations tofor their genius!
Its Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.The Art of The Deal.
Look great for Thanksgiving. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively availableoffers top men's styles
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay.
mar a lago a spectacular property. Here with Wells Fargo tonight and hoping you will come say helloI did!
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
I answered myfans questions via video- watch-
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
Learn, know, and show. Its a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.Think Like a Champion
No way, they are bird killing machines.
Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open, Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during 79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side
Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.
Thank you.
Who wouldyou rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
Thanks.
Followingwas probably my best decision #bearThanks.
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better!
New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line. --Think Like a Champion
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
Just as I said last October, census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election
I got George Zimmerman right- watch-
Chuck--very fair, best wishes!
can I run your hotels while you run the country ?Sounds good to me!
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes.
Thanks.
A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.Midas Touch
64 stories of golden glass over the strip,elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows
Already thinking about golf 2014...top of the list has to be revamped Doral, World Golf Championship March 3-9 Miami FL
Rocking abrand tie today for good measure. The picture does it no justice. Available LOOKS GREAT!
Very good!
Thank you.
Be tough, be smart, be personable but dont take things personally. Thats good business.Think Like a Champion
One oftop private clubs,features a Jim Fazio designed 7,291 yd par 72 course
. visited my office- tall and beautiful!
Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.- Jef I. Richards
I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!
The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website, he is going to cut military payNo surprise.
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare cant be fixed. Repeal!
1984 cover of#GQ #Magazine...One of my main idols I look up to!!
I am one of them fools. The presidents heart in right placeWRONG, he knowingly lied - bad intentions!
Sad!
Its #tangible, its #solid, its #beautiful. Its #artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love #RealEstate. ~ Donald
I wonder what the late, great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled?
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do. -- Steve Jobs
Offering true luxury,has spectacular restaurants, Olympic pools &amp; six professional tennis courts
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY!
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
Thank you.
Aha RTYou have good taste!I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
FLASHBACK -October 9, 2012: Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business' Proven right again!
Yes, online through Macy's.
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build websiteAnd now she will get more to fix it.
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare.
W/ signature Trump amenities, 5 star rooms &amp; world-class restaurants,brings excellence to Hawaii
let's get your oval ass in that Oval Office. #Trump2016Thanks, I think!
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
the same idiots who think he was born in the USA! Dopes!
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
RT you could put #PennState in this same category! #Settlers #SoftTarget TRUE-WEAK!
Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. - Vince Lombardi
Donald we can't allow this country to become soft like Obama, and penn state! Please run in 2016 #leader
Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!
Plz run for President in 2016, America needs a strong leader!We sure don't have leadership now! Thanks.
Guess who is talking toatNot terrible hair!
When Warren Buffett &amp; others play w/ bankruptcy, nobody careswhen Trump plays the game, it becomes a big deal!
AWESOME! RTAgain, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!Thanks!
Congratulations toon the success of his new book Undisputed Truth &amp;special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike.
Thanks Gary.
Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch. -- Midas Touch
I'll be onOn the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued.
Great!
In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
In a new poll a majority of people feltthe president knowingly lied about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
So true!
Congratulations toon her big move toShe is a total winner!
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
Be tough, be smart, be personable but dont take things personally. Thats good business.Think Like a ChampionDJT
Thanks.
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp; bad precedent.Could have done much better by fighting.
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
President Obama played golf yesterday???
How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!
I hopeis our next president Thanks.
True!
He who defends everywhere, defends nowhere.Sun Tzu
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it. -- Charles Kettering
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
and let's be honest, you have some of the finest #RealEstate on the planet! Very true!
Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!
Last October on attackedand I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
Celebrity Apprentice please! ASAP
I create jobs!
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullying
True!
Go to work today, be smart, think positively and WIN!
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology.
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines.#missuniverse
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
we need you as the next president! Your a winner!!!Thank you.
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plansWhy should they suffer like regular Americans?
Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach.
Rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems ~ Donald Trump
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
ICYMI--
Reading newspapers and see...#BillyGraham95 #happybirthday
Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support!
Can't wait for 2016!!!! America needs you!!!!#Trump2016Thank you, what a mess our country is in.
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow! - General Norman Schwarzkopf
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night.
Visiting NYC today. Where can I buy your famous light pink tie? Macy's or Trump Tower.
My speech atBartlet Gala Dinner where I receivedEntrepreneur Award
Theevent featured a performance by #CelebApprenticea great event for a great cause! Watch-
I will be going to Asheville, North Carolina, tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!
Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things.
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
GovChristieThat tie is awesome. I need that tie. Where can I get it?MACY'S
Please run in 2016!!! We need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back!!True!
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
Not only does Obama spy on German leaders, he criticizes their trade surplusWe should have a trade surplus!
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
Thank you.
Dont toss off your problems, and dont dwell on them either. Deal with them!Think Like a Champion
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!
Good luck in your case against the wind turbines in Aberdeen Bay, most sensible Scots agree with you!
Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.Rev.
is the best person in the entire world.Thank you Emily, so nice!
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
Can't wait for 2016. #Trump2016Our country needs help (leadership), and it needs it FAST!
has exposed the massive ObamaCare fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs
After careful consideration, I'm going with my blue#SignatureCollection tie for my big meeting today. Do well
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M
Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.Midas Touch
I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.You have good taste!
Via Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow
well i will predict that if u run for president you will win
The only ppl that still believe Obama did not lie r completely lost.So true!
tell us in a Vine! Your voice carries so much more impact! #TrumpVineO.K., on Monday!
Thank you!
I'm so fascinated by the wayis. He motivates me to never give up &amp; to keep pushing forward. Great!
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.Milton Friedman
I hopewill invite me to golf with himwhen it is all complete. It looks like an awesome place
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said I'm really good at killing people according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev.birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
Brianwrote a wonderful book called George Washington's Secret Six that is truly worth reading.
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
I'm a veteran and one of your biggest fans. Love what u do for our nation. #Trumpforpresident Thanks.
You're right--doesn't fit my image.
THEBillMcGee
a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase! Thank you.
since you are in Russia go kick Snowden in the ass.
trump national in Washington, D.C. looks great. Love what you've done with itThank you!
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.
Had dinner this week at(at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nationsfantastic food! 212.964.7777
Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!
Thank you.
No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
I've said it before. I'll say it again. The turn down service at theis the best in the world. Thank you!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
Everyone should watch the documentary Windfall onSee an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp; windfarms.
The women are unbelievable but getting to hang with Steven Tyler will be the highlight!Steven sings tonight
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsuredWhat is the point of this Trillion $ monstrosity?
: Give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016. Thank you, very nice.
Thank you.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.
Success tip: Be ready for problems, and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
Can you believe itthe model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizenshes from Colombia.
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.
No, #Darnell does.
Its that time of the year.in Central Park is now open--best rink in the world.A landmark.
You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt).
Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place!
thilan_GolfSwag
Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job! Thanks.
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
Thank you.
Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!
Gotta respect Donald, Greta. If ever anyone nailed Obama for who and what he really is and has done it's Donald.
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!
Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
when you leave Russia, please bring back some leaders!Interesting!
&amp;Directors Cut has 4 days to go until it meets itsgoal
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright
Remember when you use to have real hair? (Spelling) - I still do dummy, it is all mine!
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
is literally the appitamy of amazing! Gotta love himThank you Becca.
. gave one of the greatest endings to a show everStanding ovation!
I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
you are the coolest man I've ever met Thank you!
President Trump sounds good to meI'll tell you one thing, the country would be back on top again!Thanks.
. I miss us. Danny, I miss you tooooo!
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
if you don't already followyou should. #youcanthankmelaterSo true!
see trump? He takes his shots but has no balls. Don't listen and do us a favor and run for POTUS
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
Congrats toon the release of his new book Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims. #1 onandMust read!
Factall the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!
. the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahigo, lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog.
Thanks.
Its Thursday.is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past.
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare Defund now and Repeal later!
When willrealize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
I agree. This country needs a business man's sense and Obama does not have it.SO TRUE!
Please, please run for President in 2016. We need something to look forward to &amp; someone to look up to!
True.
You get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver $10K. Thank you.He deserves it, thanks.
Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.Midas Touch
For President 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office!!!Thank you.
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
On 1,300 acres in Charlottesville,wine has been awarded the coveted Virginia Double Gold Medal
- I wish you were President!But only if you want our country to be great again!
Congratson revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans
Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.Think Like a Champion
The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp;rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balancesa free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
Love reading T's tweets concerning ObamaCare. People might find him controversial, but Mr. Trump sure knows his stuff! #pro
I hope everybody reads thearticle Shakedown Schneidermanthe AG of New York
gives me a lot of strength.
ViaDonald Trump's Blackdog victory
has the best twitter
I love how many negative tweetsgets. He must look at them, smile and go back to being a champion.Thank you!
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!
If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. = I was born in Hawaii.
Great victory for people of Blackdog, Scotland. They defeated substation, stopping inefficient &amp; ugly wind turbines.
run for president please!
Beauty arrives to Moscows Crocus City Hall this 11.9.!Onthe world will watch2013 crowned
The Donald J. Trump shirt from Macys looks GOOD!!! Sharp, good fabric, great color...it ROCKS!!! Classy look.
Missing my days at #trumpwinery.is my hero.Thank you.
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
.of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I cant imagine that anyone wants him in office.
Never give up!
I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, look, we made a big mistake, sorry! No more lies or deception.
Everyone is telling me thatis going to run against lightweightwould win!
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
Great!
. Is there ANY subject you arent an expert on?No, not many!
Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward onfor a crowd funding campaign
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself. - Andrew Carnegie
Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.Conrad Hilton
So we can spy on our allys leaders but cant water board terrorists?
Thearticle, Shakedown Schneiderman about NY State lightweightis amazing.
. suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
Looks like a very good World Series game!
Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundationcheck it out
when he says he doesn't know, he admits he is not leading. USA a rudderless ship.
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and youll be going in the right direction.Think Like a Champion
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it!
. is Panama Citys premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica, excellence has arrived to So. America
ViaMiss Universe 2013: Contestants Stun in Gorgeous Gowns at National Gift Auction Gala
Hitting at home. Democrat Sen. Joe Donnellys son had his healthcare plan dropped
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan
True--he is killing Scotland!
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about
I absolutely lovehe is my favorite person ever and inspires me to do so much. Thanks R!
Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!
Not only did the $1B ObamaCare website not work, it cant even protect your personal informationA disaster.
Mr.President, DJT, could do this in his sleep! Light years ahead of opponents.
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC... Congrats to all!
House has the right bill: If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it. The Senate must take it up on a vote!
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?
Sen. &amp;w/ demand 'Congress Live By Your Laws'
Awesome new clock at Trump Jupiter. Would look so good between range, putting green.Will happen.
#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website-
You're never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
can't wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to AberdeenshireTRUE.
Wont be a buyers market for long. If you can, purchase a home but remember, I told you this three years ago.
great fitting shirt and I got a couple compliments on it too! Looks great.
your Las Vegas Hotel is beautiful too!!Thank you.
I feel safer knowing men likeare aroundThank you.
&amp;are hosting Trump2013 Pageantin Moscow. They will be terrific!
Ifwas pres. the US would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries. Profit though.
Donald Trump for President!!! America needs you!
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
With the cast from Friday's Real Time - and now I'm in Springfield, Mass for standup tonight-and Bill, you totally bombed-BAD
Thepresentation centre has opened. This is going to be special, said
Congratulations to Boston on theWorld Series victory. Earned and deserved.
Thanks.
A great victory in Scotland ...
Mr Trump... Please run in 2016 and try and Save our Beautiful... Precious County..!! God Bless.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
I hearreally bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy!
Hope &amp; Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans, &amp; ObamaCare is taking cancer patients doctors away
Located in Tribeca, eachhotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower Manhattan
ViaThe ObamaCare Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design.
The signature restaurant of is bothForbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
.Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Awarda great honor for me from a fantastic man.
Jeffrey Lordyou for the presentationterrific job!
well deserved, you motivate me every day. Thanks.
Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthdaygreat job!
Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: Trust in God and be true to yourself.Awesome advice.
Yes and thanks.
dined at Macleod House today. Wonderful in every aspect. Thanks for creating this on our doorstep. Nice
Viaby Myra Per-Lee: Got A Great Idea? Get Donald Trump To Fund It
I just love Very nice.
Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
The new line of Trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!
Thanks to ObamaCares device tax, Boston Scientific plans to cut 1,500 jobsObamaCare will kill ingenuity.
This country is in dire need of a LEADER who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that LEADER!
Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until a couple of days leading up to the launch.
is a GeniusThank you.
with you as POTUS we'd probably have a $600,000,000 surplus! #Trump2016
We wont see REAL change unless you become President! #PleaseRun #2016True!
Like your current health care plan? Too bad, youre going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope, Change &amp; a300% Increase in Your Premium.
We wont see REAL change unless you become President! #PleaseRun #2016Thank you and true!
Thanks.
has my vote! He MUST run for president if we want success!Thank you.
Because he paid me far more than it was worth!
We need you for POTUS because there's a whole lot of people in Washington who need to hear the words YOU'RE FIRED!
The reason I think you will be POTUS is bcuz I have never seen anyone juggle so many things at once &amp; be successful @ each.
Apology accepted.
I dont know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Wish you could lead this country. We need you Mr. Trump.
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED!
LOVE YOUR TOP 3 NEGOTIATING TIPS! 1. TRUST YOUR GUT. 2. PATIENCE IS A VIRTURE. 3. VIEW CONFLICT AS AN OPPORTUNITY! AWESOME!
Not only does America need an adult in DC we need DJT in 2016Thank you.
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is. ~Donald Trump
Bob Tyrrellyou--and also for the great work you do.
Us latinos will vote for you. All we want is to be part of the American Dream. Include us! Cool.
You deserve it! your a true entrepreneur! Thanks.
he has destroyed wilderness beaches in Aberdeen.Built world's greatest golf course-TOP DRAW!
says whatever he wants and doesn't care. I love it. He's a legend.
we need a president who is successful and has a ton of common sense. Tht is u Mr. Trump!
great gifts for my hard working husband! Love Macy's!
People who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. Thanks for the inspiration Mr. Trump! Thanks
I hate you but I love your tiesThat sounds like a fair trade!
You're more than the best Entrepreneur; great teacher &amp; source of encouragement!Thanks.
Is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days? Much respectBuy in great location, low interest.
Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website
Thank you-always a good thought.
Do you beleive all that money was spent on a website ?No, MUCH MORE!
Great evening with the&amp; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowdthank you!
Sadly true!
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
I see principled, disciplined, decisive, tough leadership. I see strength. I see #Trump16. Please Mr Trump. USA needs you
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?
If you're born poor, it's not your mistake. But If you die poor, it's really your mistake. - Donald Trump
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
Kick ass in 2016! I'm on board, Mr. Trump.
We need you now more than ever! Hope to see you run in 2016!
How do you have time to tweet everyone when your so busy? When I like people, I find time!
needs to run so we can get out of this mess #trump2016
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. - John Wayne
Don't you know once upon a timewas leading 2012I would love to see you elected. God Pls
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to Iran &amp; ChinaTerrible mistake!
andare the most inspirational people i know of.
The Audacity of IneptitudeObamaCare website will cost over $1BWhen will someone finally be held accountable?
Trump 2016 #all for it
For 2016. Change that we REALLY can depend on.
I am clairvoyant. May I be the first to congratulate you on your win, Mr. President?CUTE!
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obamas press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
has makings of iconic landmark: Erickson-designed highrise...via
I agree about the wind turbines they are horrible
Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.
you are that Leader. Think about it.Thanks.
Great game against Tennesseeby the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos!
I think you're an amazing person and a huge inspiration to me! Just ordered your books! Can't wait to read them!! Thanks.
VOTEFOR PRESIDENT!#TRUMP16
Good advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:
Know everything you can about what you're doing.
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!
it is absolutely a work of art #TRUMPThank you.
Great meetingatdinner. Besides his great acting, Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation.
Love Trump ties! Very couture but affordable to dress your hubby.
Sad Donald trump isn't president we would not be in this mess!So true.
I wantto tweet me so bad! Huge fan! #Trump2016
really enjoyed my stay at Trump SoHo this weekend - your staff there is super polite and hospitableGreat.
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
Great taste, enjoy!
That is a reward that is WELL DESERVED. Thanks.
I just love Thank you.
Great!
We need Trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid!
the youth of America needs you Mr. TrumpThey sure need someone, and fast!
Seriously, you are the only American qualified to be Prez -all areas of competence!. Thank you.
Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.Think Like a Champion
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: Trust in God and be true toyourself.
want to help campaign for Trump 2016!Thank you.
I see principled, disciplined, decisive, tough leadership. I see strength. I see #Trump16. Please Mr Trump. USA needs you
You want to compete, and you want to compete at the highest level. -
2016 is your year and I will do everything God gave me to show my AppreciationXOXO
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - What do you think of Donald Trump? Beggars!
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award,brings luxury &amp; elite amenities to LA's top public golf course
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!
If you want to succeed, keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends.
does anyone readanymore. I'm sure it'll be sold for a dollar just like Newsweek.
I can't wait to never read another copy ofI will enjoy watching it crash and burn though.
I'm already persuading my friends to vote for you in 2016, make it happen! Thanks for the confidence!
This is my favorite person,Greatest bussinesman in the world !! I want to be like himThank you.
Great, thanks!
you ready for Miss Universe?Yes, November 9th in Moscow-will be great!
Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
4 president has my vote! We need financial education in the USA. Go get em D!Thanks Jaime!
Mr. Amira, Are you man enough to apologize ??He is not man enough!
America is too great for small dreams.Pres. Ronald Reagan
should be the next president , the man knows how to make money and has reasonable solutions for every problem
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them!
We need your knowledge and sensibility to restore this country to it's former glory and respect.
Very nice, best wishes!
ViaTrump eyes PGA tour for Dubai golf course
Hi Ryan.
On November 9thcomes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of&amp;in Crocus City Hall!
Sure, the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent. -
today I had my wife cancel her subscription toThank you-smart!
what a horrible thing to say!Not exactly an unbiased editor-very unprofessional &amp; sad!
On Fifth Avenue, the iconicis one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our leaders? This is a scandal!
Hey D Trump, is time for me to buy a Trump 2016 yet? Lead us back to the top!!
Dan Amira owes Mr Trump and his wife an apology!He doesn't have the guts to apologize!
Ill soon be leaving for Washington wherewill give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
Trump Intl Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Hotel &amp; a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Restaurant...
Sick and wrong. Apologize!
In 2016, we will need a business mogul to bring America to its feet. I hopefeels a tug on his collar.
Thanks.
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership
Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
you're a legend.Thanks Ray, I know!
Thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today!
The most luxurious hotel in downtown Manhattan,is a top destination
trump is one of smartest men around I agree - thanks!
I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York Ragazine-SAVE YOUR MONEY!
And this is why r kids are bullies, horrible examples set by adults. No excusesfire him
No wonderis doing so poorly, with an idiot Sr. Editor likeit will only get worse!
NBC Report: White House Taking Obamacare Website Offline Again For Repairs.
Working on my Midas Touch plan re: the fund anything reward! You are my favorite entrepreneur! Thanks.
is my role model!!Thank you.
Great, thanks.
Bury them fake journalists
you're certainly givingandpublicity!! Even neg publicity is 'good' to some folk.It's not
Getting a picture of Donald Trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero :)Wow, so nice!
never had the stinking NYMag but if I did I would cancel for the Trump!It's dead anyway!
Thanks, good luck.
Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible, he would be fired! Totally biased.
Thank you, good luck.
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrowsRobert L. Bartley Gala dinner.
guys like that will watch everything burn down around them before they admit they were wrong.
They get fired.
Are you actually going to go for #2016 elections? If so you have my support! Thank you!
I hope everyone that readreprehensible statement will cancel their subscription toin protest. Let me know.
I had the honor of going in to this awesome building today. Even the restrooms are first class!Thanks.
1 of the first ties bought my sweetheart was Trump from Macy's on 34th w/cuff links. Thx 4 shootingstraight.Great!
Doing an interview withDiscussing the ObamaCareweb disaster. Be sure to listen
Wheres the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record
No place for that in a civil society. You should resign immediately.They should demand it
NO got so irrelevant. TIME OUT far better than ny magazine.
Good question!
I will NEVER subscribe. Just for you &amp; your beautiful family, Donald. It's boring
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!
Dan, you are a low life dumb ass! Stupid too, who made you an editor?A dead magazine!
Viaby Jeffrey Lord: Donald Trump: Americas Entrepreneur Wow--thank you to Jeffrey Lord &amp;
does anyone actually still subscribe?Not many!
Heyplease announce you are running in 2016. You are the only one who can revive our country.
Unlike the rest of you libs, Mr. Trump will be just fine. He doesn't have Obamacare!
the whole UK supports you in the #2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice USA here.
Whats the odds the 5 people who subscribe 2 that rag-- I mean mag, will ever see this tweet?
Wind farms have scarred the British landscape&amp;turned the public against the renewable energy agenda! See, I was ahead of our time
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
Doesn't surprise mefromis a frequent guest onboth entities no ethics + no morals = no ratings.
Website designer HUGE Obama campaign donor. Can we say kickbacks?
America needs you now more than ever. 2016 cannot get here fast enough #Trump2016 Well, we sure need help
When I come home from work my Twitter page is filled with Donald Trump tweets...Love reading them...So Bold &amp; Truthful.
Subscribing to that trash to begin with would be your first mistake.It is failing fast!
Monetarily, in 2016, we will be in such terrible shape that havingas POTUS would be a great idea for U.S.
Message to Edward Snowden, youre banned fromUnless you want me to take you back home to face justice!
I wish thewould be president, our country would be much better off than what it is. #WhatAmericaNeeds #Trump16
if it does go up for sale ill buy them out.Don't do it-bad investment!
A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed.
Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
. magazine is doing so poorly that they make evenlook good. Graydon Carter shouldve been fired a long time ago.
No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They dont wantresponsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
Sixteenis winning accolades and is a destination point restaurantdont miss it!
Wow, numbers are really looking bad atNew York Magazine. While very boring, it is also very biased. Too bad, was once great!
I canceled mine Smart move, thanks.
Wheres the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
Help fundnew show American Made on John is ontoday re project.
whats wrong with canadians?Nothing except they are too smart for U.S. leaders to deal with!
I love watching the dishonest writerssuffer the magazines failure.
people actually subscribe to NyMag? Not many, failing and will soon be gone!
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
Thanks!
Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
now this should give Bethpage a run for the money in NY Will blow Bethpage away!
Perhaps--no decision yet.
is the post office building in DC the way the US is going to pay your salary when you become the President in 16
.Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
Our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again. So true!
Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/$1M RECORD reward
Thank you Christine.
You've really got the world by the ass, don't you? says Letterman toClassic
Thank you.
bestinterview yet Thanks!
See,isn't as bad as people think. Great interview with#goodguy
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
So nice, thank you.
I'm on the David Lettermantonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
I miss Celeb Apprentice-Best show on T.V.Thank you, casting now for next season.
Our country is being run by total amateurs. Lets just call it amateur hour.
Thank you!
Thanksfor coming to my book party - wouldn't have been the same without you!Piers--Congrats!
was the man on Letterman!
GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor runviaby
Donald Trump has done more for this country than Barrack has ever thought about. Thanks!
You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.
True and thanks.
. was just rated Best Room Service in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff!
Thank you.
Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence.Pres. Ronald Reagan
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
My honor.
Thank you.
gr8 spot on Insightful, honest, Intelligent xommon sense. U woulf make a phenomenal gov of NY
No joke.....The Donald would be a great #rydercup captain.I agree.
Thank you.
ViaGolden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece
Great men do great things, America needs you, America's allies need you, in truth the world needs you. Wow
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
Ferry Point looks awesome! It should definitely get some major/championship events sometime soon
then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in DC! You do it better than anyone else!.
Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights &amp; is now being treated for pre-existing medical (cont)
Please Dont ,,,as I do LOVE NY like you do,,your not a Governor,,,your a PresidentCute!
I've been watching The apprentice since I was 10 and thats really all I get excited for in the winter #love
So nice, thank you.
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
PLEAAAASE RUN for PRESIDENT!!! Help America Donald Trump, you're our only hope!Thank you.
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535, 000, 000 for NOTHING
sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weeklyShould end pain &amp; just fold.
Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.Ribbon cutting w/ &amp;was spectacular. Lots of people &amp; jobs!
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with theS.E.C.It never should have been brought in the first place!
youris an amazing property thru n thru.Thank you-tallest &amp; most beautiful in LasVegas
Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE, LIKE OUR COUNTRY, IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight.
America needs to listen to what Trump is saying. #TrumpForChange Thanks!
Ranked a top course&amp; 6 Star Diamond Award, Trump Intl Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes
I'm a Democrat, have not been your biggest fan, but you made some very good points on the #Davidletterman show tonight.
Thank you.
You're the only one.
Great appearance on Letterman. Such a great insight. Wish we had more great businessmen like you.
Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYCcongratulations to all!
Happy Birthday!
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
Donald you are a true American hero. I can't wait to celebrate Trump day in the future. Wow, nice.
only an idiot loses money in real-estatedoes that all the time.I've made over ten billion $'s, you idiot!
Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obamas bidding. Cant win this way.
Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
Thanks--
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
Honored to be attending Rev.95th birthday. His life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide.
I was against fame entering the white house until now. Please run for president, the US needs you. Thank you.
Mr Trump. You have great kids.Let them handle UR business. Step forward and save what's left of the USA
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE Pageant
will take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
By the way, New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the energy that lies just below our feet (now)!
U crack me up. I love how a man of ur wealth, fame and stature doesn't mind mixing it up. Part of success!
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
my preview of the course and ribbon cutting in thetodayGreat writing-thanks!
Experience, knowledge, &amp; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.Think Like a Champion
Great.
Thanks.
Thanks.
As an addition, Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE
Don, the Country needs you, I served 4 years in our Armed forces, and I am asking you to lead our Nation,
Does a day go by when you don't pat yourself on the back?Not many!
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
why be governor when you can be president?
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
graduated from(the School of Champions). Great school, true!
So true. Who signed off over 1/2 billion web site. Biggest failure in I T history pretty amazing
Best part about Monday mornings is listening toon Fox and Friends! You should run for POTUS!! Thank you!
You were great on Letterman as usual.Thank you!
Thanks.
Will be cutting ribbon at 10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
New look for Blue Monster: signature golf course is more challenging &amp; fan friendlier
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
So nice, thank you.
It will be the country's finest resort!
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Personally, I think Douglas Dursts brother got screwed by Douglasno wonder hes angry!
Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. It satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont)
If you dont treat yourself like royalty, no one else will.is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel
Re Florida Power &amp; LightMost important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
Trump for PRESIDENT!!! THE U.S. ADORES TRUMP!
I really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books. It starts the day off right!Thx
I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen! Thank you.
Quickly.
GOD bless you Mr. Trump!!Thank you.
True!
I will be ontonight at 9PM.
Ill be doingshow tonight on CNN at 9 PM.Will be veryinteresting. (I hope!)
We need more than 10 min with Donald. Was inspired. Get gov't in assembly and make them watch.
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!
Florida Power &amp; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect, critics will be harmless. Keep your focus!
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
Thank you.
Had a great time oninaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Gretaon the new spot!
The truth that needed to be heard. Voice of common sense! YOU'RE HIRED!!
4 president #2016
. has leverage. Must stay united &amp; on message.
President Obama wants to change the name of the White House because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
Lightweightis pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediatelybecause he is being looked at!
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in BenghaziWhat about the video tape?
Great job, What we need in the next election!!! #2016
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge andit's important to inspire confidence.
I wouldnt useto design a doghouse, let alone a house or building!
Thank you and true!
Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates with
True.
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
Really enjoyed your interview.Honest and stright forward, Love it!!Thanks.
Thank you.
You scored a 10 onThanks for keeping it real!
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense
watching your CNN interview, we need someone like you to run for president!Thank you.
I'm coming to NY from Florida tomorrow. I'm bringing the first Trump 2016 sign with me. #startthemovement Wow
In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
I said this last year, but Ill say it again..should be president. This man knows his shit!
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue, if youre not staying at the 5 starthen youre in its shadow
Thanks.
Thank you.
Obama has calledterrorists during this showdown. Its a shame he really doesnt think it because then he would meet alldemands.
Piers is a good man, even if we disagree with him.
4th now! David should have seen his interview withtruly amazing.
Thanks.
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5%, a 6 month highObamaCare, the greatest job killer in US history.
I notice, thanks Genall!
TRUMP for president !!!!Well, our Country would become very rich, very fast....and then, lot's of good!
I pay millions of $s a year to Florida Power &amp; Light &amp; they cant give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
You need to run for President. Your take-no-BS attitude is what we need in this country!
Everyone should start their twitter day with TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT....lets start the movementWow!
Great job on Piers Morgan!Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Praying that you will consider running for president. You understand business &amp; know how to negotiate. #tump4prez
Amazing Interview Mr.Trump,love the fact you didn't sugarcoat the facts. Thank you Sir.
Did you ever think our country wouldbecome an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp; Change.
Thank you.
Blake Thomas Roberts, the Donald Trump of Houston. You're my motivation! #dedication #hardwork Great!
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes! Thank you.
love Donald Trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! :-)
Obama is the most profligate deficit &amp; debt spender in our nations history. Doubled debt (cont)
Great news!
The new reality, China and Japan are warning us not to default Reckless government spending has made us weak.
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
Tell John he is a total winner!
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpowerWe have greatest military, yet no respect
a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--&amp; others!
ontomorrow?! I wouldn't miss that for the world!TONIGHT.
I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to's advice on how to do a deal.
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
Dont emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. Its a mindset that works.Think Like a Champion
Obamas job approval is at 37%, a record low.&amp;have the leverage &amp; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
I'd vote Trump for president ten times over. #trueleadershipThank you.
Problems, setbacks, mistakes &amp; losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen.Think Like a Champion
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
Ifwas just in charge of our countries economic decisions we would be back on track.
If its worth doing, its worth fighting for. Youll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. Work &amp; fight to get beyond them.
Great!
I say go for it, solid business leadership for a change. Congrats on the new development in VancouverThanks
Thanks.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
The fact that we are here today to debate raising Americas debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. - Sen. Obama, 3/16/06
Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!Think Like a Champion
am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?Miss Universe on Nov 9th, yes!
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
Donald, I LOVE this place!
Our country needs a smart, experienced, successful man. TRUMP 2016
Via project will boast 800 hotel rooms$250M renovation on 800 acres in sunny Miami.
It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama, you're FIREDThanks for the nice words!
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. Thats an absolute disgrace.
Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!
I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen! Thanks.
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
Sir, that was a great interview you had with Piers, keep up the good work sirThank you.
Thanks.
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
They must go to a larger screen.
Obama &amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Dont believe!
While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!
Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course.
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976, 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.
Life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.Think Like a Billionaire
Thanks.
Please help save our country and run for President!! #USA
Study: Insurance costs to soar under ObamacareMen in NC get 305% hike. Women in NE suffer an average 237% hike.
Congrats toon the success of the new smash showFantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Trumps Are GivingA Makeovervia
Time to clean up Washington... Votefor President in 2016!
Sorry banks, when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banksbut years too late!
Thank You Mr. Trump for speaking up just now ! Please don't stop !
Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy, there is no excuse. - Think Like a Billionaire
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats dont even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
if you were in office this would of never happen #trump2016True!
Negotiations are non-existant, Obama needs to be sent a copy of The Art of the Deal (Maybe autographed)
Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. Thats taking control.Think Like a Champion
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work, but from the assets they build. Midas Touch
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington wont feel any pain
My#Politicking interview w/ on the govt. shutdown, ObamaCare, Putin, 2016 and
Run for office, you are the only one that can fix this big mess. Perhaps true!
continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobsShe's a perpetual job loser.
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big &amp; big things will happen
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
To save US and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like you as President Thank you!
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
I agree.
Remember when Obama said Bush raising the debt ceiling was unpatriotic?RT!!!
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Ifwas The President all our problems would be fixed. We would be doing great!
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people cant sign up and elderly cant understand the lingo.
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdownan interesting turn!
Moderate Repubs plotting againststrategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House &amp; primaries aren't fun.
Obama has unilaterally &amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. Allwants is (cont)
With the debt limit approaching,has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
UN address was a strong statement to the world thatwill not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
Forget the country,could run the world better than anyone anywhere. Thanks Doug!
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
Thanks!
Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
Total misnomer to call ObamaCare The Affordable Care Act. Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; Congress w/their exemptions?
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately ownedto change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Just readbestseller bookreally great!
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
An iconic building and top tourist attraction,sets New York Citys luxury standard&amp; great food!
Thank you.
Rated Torontos #1 hotel, the 65-story 5 Staris located in the heart of the citys finest attractions
the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!
When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?
that will never fly! They'd have to do the same for the Chiefs, Braves, Indians ect
Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.Think Big
The most elite private club in the world, Mar-a-Lago, is Palm Beachs legendary landmark.
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. -
Great ruling on wind farm in Scotlandvery smart judge! Front page article.
You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America! #TRUMP2016Thank you.
Remember when Obama promised you can keep your health care plan? Not in these 10 states.Another lie.
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
The Donald says the Republicans absolutely can win if they will STAND FIRM.
It was an honor to beinaugural guest on her new show The Real Story. Gretchen will be a big success!
So true!
Thanks.
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
The minute that youre not learning I believe youre dead.Jack Nicholson
. is a genius when it comes to politics. You cant deny #TheDonaldThank you.
Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude &amp; a negative emotion Think Like a Champion
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judges ruling concerning bird killing, land destroying, environmentally disastrous windmills.
Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.Think Like a Champion
Mr.Trump is right again. The Republicans need to stick together and let the Dems be blamed.
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates and first day of Cityscape 2013 cc
Honestly,could run this country better than anyone in D.C.I agree!!!!
We build too many walls and not enough bridges. - Isaac Newton
Standing strong for his people,is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue.
Spring of '15.
I hate that our country has come to this, our president has ruined ourcountry. Not totally, yet!
Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook?
My friend Larry Kingasked me to do an interview with himhe was always great to me&amp; I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV.
Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obamas war on coal, American families will be hit even harder.
Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp; she has a budget surplus.
RT You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America!
On the shores of the Lake Norman,features a world-class course designed by
A-Rods appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for theAnd sends strong message toplayers.
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude. - Pat Riley
When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify. -
Went towinery in Charlottesville VA yesterday for my birthday, it was awesome! One of the best!Thanks!
Congratsnew Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratingsGuess who her first guest was? Donald Trump.
Thanks, what a mess.
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Nice guyneeds your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--&gt;
please please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher battling stage4 cancer here in NJ.Get better fast
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).
please help get this country back from all these idiots and corrupt government #2016 Will be working on it
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.Richard Buckminster Fuller
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning. -Think Big
You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. The world is a crazy place!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold
Five Starare the most luxurious &amp; elite residences in the Vegas marketIf you love it, own it
Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words, think, work and be lucky.Think Like a Champion
Obama told the UN that the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago. Is he delusional?
for presidentThank you!
The shale boom is saving our economyGood for jobs, national security &amp; trade balance. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast!
I think you are the #MostPowerfulVoiceInMedia Then how come our government makes so many mistakes?
Happy Birthday!
Don't think I can watch news anymore. O is doing such a good job of turning US into joke, I can't look anymore
Business is an art in itself, and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
will you be running for president or is it all talk?Time will tell!
Dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at Trump International Links. Can I get a rt for him please
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare, our country would not be in turmoil right now!
Viaby Cindy W. Hodnett: Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture
doesn't need money for a campaign! Everyone already knows and loves him! #trump2016 Very nice!
Dont believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory.
Must read editorial viaObamaCare's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured
Cute boy, nice.
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for womenDEFUND!! #MakeDCListen
NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
: I have heard Obama say , We can afford Obama care, America is a rich nation, we can afford it. No, not close
you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! Run for office!
Its a shame the ruling class of Republicans dont attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp; Lee.
we needand Bill O'Reilly to be in charge to straighten this country out!
On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, I kicked ass and got it done fast
....I love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast. Good job! Thank you.
With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
Thanks Larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind!
Make sure y'all watch #IDreamofNene 2NITEwill be on there 9pm
I wonder ifknows thatis following him on twitter! #trump #miley That's great!
Thanks!
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? - Vince Lombardi
Since stop &amp; frisk was struck down, gun shootings &amp; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased.
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said we can't win.Very bad!
congrats! The Bronx will never be the same again, it will be better!! So true!Thanks.
Feels like I have grown up with you. My dad is a huge fan and always talked about you. You are amazing! Wow
you need to renovate 1600 Pennsylvania ave. ASAP!!!!
i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till he's out of office... for President! 2016
Uniforms 4 Everyone campaignhas a $3,000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms
Obama promised premiums would lower $2,500/yr for family of 4. In truth, healthcare will increase by $7,450
if we don't defund #Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
Happy Birthday!
IS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. ACCEPT IT.
Partner with people who share your values, attitude and drive.Midas Touch with
Thank you!
Happy belated birthday wishes toBarbara is terrific!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct viewA landmark!
if we could afford it, would you support it?No,
if the people want to get our economy back on track, theyll vote #TRUMP in 2016Thank you.
Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt.for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
In real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!
You've saved a lot of buildings. developments and ventures.Please save the White House !!Interesting!
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?Zero respect!
best properties all over the world!
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
stop investing in hotels and focus on our structure and your campaign for presidency Good point!
Via New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouse
its a great shirt and looks great! Trump shirts and ties are my andmy husbands favorite
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change.
Thanks Karlie!
Dee Dee-- Great seeing youYou are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop.
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - Henry Ford
If you have a problem-Think to yourself-What would Donald Trump do? The answer will come.Thanks.
Spanish version of ObamaCare websitedelayedHitting google translate apparently too complicated. #MakeDCListen
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!
Good point, yes!
A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligentThink Like a Champion
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
I play hockey at Lasker! Thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world!
If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
can close the economic, racial and political divisions in America That is true!
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award,two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River
Awesome Example! Thank you for being a great American!!! Thanks.
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow. -
Thanks and true!
Less than one week away from implementation, ObamaCares small business exchanges are not ready! A disaster!
Great book.'The Art of the Deal' Thanks.
after following your career for over 20 yrs, I conclude you are the real thing.. run for public office,please
Can't wait to Watch #IDreamofNene tonight I nowill givesome good Advice WATCH!
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen
Apple meant for their phones to go to people who have super sight &amp; abnormally tiny fingers for texting
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
One man with courage is a majority. - Thomas Jefferson
insists that without changes to Obamacare average citizens will suffer.
we need a big change, I believe you have the best chance, and ability to do so.Thank you.
Congratulations toon standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
.dont worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of timeremain strong!
as a Muslim and as an American, i know for a fact that you Mr. Trump respect all people!
Veteran Military Dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran K9s and find them a home
Really good, thanks M.
is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness, the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE.
Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the bestin history.
Always great working with you. You are a true modern master. Thank you.
You'd be a great professor.My uncle was a professor at M.I.T.
Welcome to the new reality. 23,116,928 US households on food stampsObama's Hope &amp; Change.
@#RHOBH and #CelebApprentice should be part of the Emmys nominations!Pure politics!
ViaTrump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast MagazineCongrats
Mr Trump..i remember your match vswas awesome...what a business man!Thank you!
I have so much respect for you that I don't care that you blatantly criticize the President I support!
The Emmys are sooooo boring!Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
is much more than just a Republican. He is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual. Thank you.
Best Twitter follow I ever made: The Donald. Random 24/7 MTI believe thatis a really good person
Donald the course you have given us in Scotland is world class! Thank you!
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively availableoffers the finest style in menswear
what a victory at the member guest today at trump national Bedminster. #braggingrights I LOVE TO WIN!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me sucks as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe thatis a really good person.
Penn Jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film Directors Cut
. seeks my advice on prenups, tonight at 9 PM on Bravo
eventhough don't agree with you slot, still think of you as rolemodel, thx, run for office
Thank you.
Why do you hate Africa so much?I don't-tremendous potential!
could you do a better job??YES!
Hi Lexxay.
The Democrats in Congress dont want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
is an inspiration to our management and staff always motivating us to do more for our members. THANKS!
De La Vega wise words to Trump. Love the man. Want to see an icon outlast life itself. #blessings
Heres the truth, the gov't doesnt shutdownviaAll essential services continue.Don't believe lies.
Americans by &amp; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp; govt got waivers. Defund!
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!
Canreplaceon #sharktank? Mark is doing just fine, but thanks!
Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.-- John Adams
no George Buch did that. George Bush gave us Obama!
Americas Hope Our country needs hope - it is in really bad shape!
I value your opinion. I value your wisdom from experience and education. You have so much to offer! Thanks
has the best tweets for real.Thank you, a great way to communicate.
do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement? Should I retweet haters-losers?
I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. Butis our nation's answer. Thanks.
For once, I completely agree with you! Business wise, you're brilliant. I just don't support your politics! OK
is such an amazing person to be honest.. his book inspires me to work hard and be successfulThanks.
you hate muslims.Wrong
Your thoughts are simple, straight, precise, timely and timeless.Thank you!
my late-mother and I watch the Apprentice since S1. I was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business
Opening in 2016, Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava
Care to say a few words to?Get rid of the NUKES, and fast!
I saw his brother in Kenya interviewed, HE may be wiser, actually.I'm so surprised his brother lives in Kenya
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased.must do the right thing, stand strong &amp; defund!
As a stockholder in Apple, they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplementimmediately.
AG Schneiderman doesn't prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after#totalhackThank you!
Is this your new building in yahoo weather app Yes--thanks.
I like the Donald. An American hero.
Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense.
Move slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!
Smartest man in American television &gt; Mark Burnett. #Voice #Bible #Survivor #Apprentice
Happy birthday!
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
thinking of booking #trump Vegas for our anniversary. How are the rooms? Do they sell Trump water? Great &amp; yes
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
Better get a large screen iPhone, and fast, or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB!
Tothe service, food and rooms at Trump Intl. are OUTSTANDING. I've finally found my Las Vegas hotel.
Apple is hard of hearing.So true!
on #Raw equals ratingsTRUE!
Thanks.
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung.
Obamas coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts.
us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats
Why can't this president do ANYTHING right? He's such a disaster! A fair question!
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN
Why dont you run for President? I think you would win and be a great President! #Trumpforpresident Thanks!
Thank you, it is great. You have real talent!
And you also made a great call on BA, a few months ago, and you were SO RIGHT ! And made lots of money-thanks!
The unparalleled geniusThanks.
Americas Hope
let me ask if you dislikethen why do you read his tweets? Because they can't live without me-haters!
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
ViabyTrump Power
I am a defender ofwho I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!
Yes, she is FANTASTIC!
when do you plan to come to Moscow? At the beginning of November? Looking forward for your coming Nov. 9
is the best in business ., #NoDaysOffRight up there!
You should have been president. The US would have a surplus of cash!True!
RT: Hahahahahahaha. Smart guy. I think he did same to me. Trump is loved in Nigeria via the Apprentice.
Are you going to straighten out the Russia Syria problem? Hope so.Can be done!
just watched your Roast here in SA and u were brilliant Thank you!
Thanks Cathy.
Congratulations toon being namedPower Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
If you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
's tweets about negotiations should be treated as trusted gem's cause he knows what he's talking about!
Yes.
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!
The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)
like Einstein was the greatest scientist, I submit, you are the greatest Entreprenuer of our time. Thank you.
On a serious notetweets are genius. One of the smartest people! Thank you, very nice!
I am proud to announce our newest project, Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group, it will be incredible!
- 52 and thinking of trying real estate as a new career. Good idea in our current economy, or not? Great idea
Do you know when the Trump Tower in Vancouver is suppossed to open? 18 months.
I want to go tojust likeHe is a hero of mine. Such a brilliant man.WHARTON is great!
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
Everyone should calm down.is going to do a great job as Batman.
The world needs a strong &amp; proud America, back to founding principals. You know how to make things great!
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley.is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
Donald we need you in 2016. Youre the only one who can turn us around now!! TRUMP 2016 TRUE
Thank you for caring about Huntingtons Disease! You are amazing! So many blessings your way! Thank you!
How about Wrestlemania 30 Donald vs Vince?!?! #WM30Sounds good to me, I already hold the record!
Send his info to my office.
is the greatest. To everyone who hates on him, HE DOES NOT CARE WHAT YOU SAY.
really stuck your neck on the line there. Great shout. .Thank you.
since all of your predictions have been spot on!True!
The best place for a great lunch with a spectacular view in Chicago is
I played your course in the NJ Mid Am this week. It couldn't have been better. Perfect?Thanks Mike.
I may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman Very true!
Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!
Great game last week, your team really needed you!
You are such a welcome voice of reason.Thanks!
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
#Defund Obamacare!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally, your business will grow.Midas Touch
when are we going to have a PGA tour event? Best course I've ever played. Very soon!
Unfortunately, the good men like Trump only run for President once a century.Thank you.
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
America needs a brilliant patriot liketo guide this country!Thank you!
Boeing is at a record high, thanks for saying to buy a while back You are welcome.
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
Thank you for caring so much about the U.S.A.!
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral!
There are great campaigns on Be sure to take a look and donate to one today.
&amp;onthis morning!?!? My day has been made!!!! #betterwithfriends Thanks Sarah.
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
Sounds like a fantastic project. Keep us posted on the progress. Take care.Thank you.
I just bought a Trump mattress and it is presidentialMade by Serta, they are really great.
can you prove it?YES!
I'm a fresh in college and I dream of being half the entrepreneur you are Donald.You will do great.
Pls hlp &amp; sign &amp; rt ned 10k signatures stacey7 has cancer &amp; very ill in hosphttp
My prediction of Floyd is looking good!
When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
Congratulations toon her successful first day as co-host ofGreat to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
I think Trump Chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world.Thank you.
. leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
Great column by David Bossie atA Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCare
what would your first act in office be?To end Obamacare.
did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for #2013juniorPGA. Food and room were fantastic - Thanks.Allen!
Not all Four Seasons Hotels are good. Every Trump is Always Perfect.So true, thanks!
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
you got it Donald, that resort will be the best!!!!
I really hoperuns for president in 2016Thanks, so do many people, our country is going to hell!
TRUMP2016! You can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips. Please, Sir, make the announcement! #Patriotic
The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size. -- Einstein
We are all wondering wholikes in tonight's fight! #MayweatherCanelo #sohohouseMayweather!
Congrats to on being awardedthe prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting'
You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple!
Thanks Jan!
when is the Blue Monster going to be open for play? November 15.
Too early!
stunning! Wishing you a great success in Mumbai.Thank you.
has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump
Your not free, you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
Mark - thanks for remembering.
Nobody will laugh at us when you're in charge. #PEACEOUTThat is so true!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S.
don't call me a witch or medium,but I know you will be the next USA President. And you will get peace!Wow!
can't wait for the new season of Apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation!Thanks!
how about Jim Furyk and his 59 today greatnessJim Furyk is a great golfer and a great guy!
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
take the money we would waste in Syria. Give it to you. You go rebuild Detroit.So true!
if you had to start all over again, which industry would you choose ? REAL ESTATE, Ashley.
Trump really knows what he's talking about. Everyone is just too jealous to listen. Lol. Thank you!
Great going, congrats!
America needs a strong leader with an innovative mind.you are that leader (and nobody else is even close). T
Keep focusing on doing what you love, even if times are tough.Think Big
Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!
Have created something very special. #2103juniorPGA best ever is the word here.
played with one of the assistant pro's from Doral, said the new design is amazing Can't wait!
buy it .... turn it around .... and flip it as only The Donald canThat's what I do-but sometimes keep it
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
Just ONE TWEET from The Donald Could CHANGE Lil Riley of NJs Life Post HEART/LUNG Transplant
New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW
We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That's building the right way. - Think Like a Champion
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactorAfter Syria, our enemies are laughing!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
I am proud to say as a first time voter I already know that I will vote forin 2016. #youthvote #change #proud
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel!
Right! And who files a lawsuit on a Saturday anyway? Good call D.T. He thought you would settle because of pr
I cant believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!
will be our next president. Mark my words.Thanks for your nice words and thoughts!
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.You will never be forgotten!
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.Never forget!
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
my husband and I think you're so awesome!! We can't wait to come to NYC one day and see the Trump towers! Great!
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
Think Weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him? He should move, better for him to make a new start
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.Think Like a Champion
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
Thanks!
In order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.
Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!
Many people have asked recently when do you sleep?The answer is -- not much.
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
Putin is making O and Kerry look like chumps!
Tina Brown could finally be over. is a total failure. She just got fired, great!
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.
he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform America-for the worse!
Putin is much smarter than Obama. No surprise his tactics.
you sir have the greatest twitter of all time Thank you!
stay awesome MR. Trump you are an inspiration and a great American wish our elected officials could be same!
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
He's too late on fixing America. That'll be your priority once you take over office in 2016 Sir.
My interview w/Peter Cook re the Old Post Office Bldg becoming Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
why wasn't Obama more concerned w/Benghazi #americans killed. Syria not our business
Wow, with all this talk,is going to Russia on November 9th-
Named best golf course in the world byTrump Int'l Golf Links Scotland is a 7,400 yd par 72
. manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and myself in front of The Old Post Office, D.C. on Pennsylvania...
Thanks.
So true!
Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success.
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room! Thanks!
. I worked for another self made man, Elon Musk. I have the greatest respect for both of you. Thank you!
is on a roll and its only 7:10a my time. I love his enthusiasm! If only everyone had his thought process
Wish more people with large followings would speak up like Mr. Trump always does. True, not honest!
Great!
Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era.We got lucky!
who should be the AG replacement? Any thoughts? There are a number of very good people!
Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or Weiner
Study: Wind Farms Killed 67 Eagles In Five Years
Youre welcome. We did it!Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spit-
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
Trust your instincts, especially if they are well honed.Midas Touch
More obvious every day: America desperately needs Trump at the helm!Thanks Andy!
you are a great mentor. I have all your booksGreat--good luck!
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
is the funniest, yet most honest person on Twitter Thanks!
ViaDonald, Ivanka Trump say DCs Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of countrys finest hotels
Cant wait to hear whathas to say about Obama's speech tonight!I'll be tweeting during speech
I can't imagine you being bad at anything. You are the real most interesting man in the world. Wow,nice
are you gonna run for president? All this talk of politics is waste if you don't run. You are correct!
my desktop in the office Thanks!
Thank you.
your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack
I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that!
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. - George S. Patton
full supporter of #Trump2016 Thanks.
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies alone
Give credit where it is due. NYC voters chose correctly.
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
everything you say is true and I respect you because your not afraid to say it
you are the greatest.. Thank you. #staygreat!I will be working hard on that!
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
I remember when Schneiderman was 2nd in command to Patterson on the D side. Can you believe those two?
Must read piece byObama's Diplomatic Acrobatics
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
In Donald We Trust.Thanks!
is claiming that she decided to leave theSure, just like every other magazine that fired her.
He must go... People like him r destroying our country and our principals!Re lightweight A.G. Schneiderman
You will knock the President anyway. Wrong, I would love to see him do a great job, but it's not working that way
I love love Donald Trump!Thanks!
At leastis consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
I honestly think our next president should be.. People can say what they want but dude seems to have it.
NO GAMES! HOUSEMUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DONT, THEN THEY OWN IT!
The 0bama presidency has been a disaster for America
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
You are a great American!! Thanks from a Vietnam vet!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
is the man! #TrumpForPresident Thanks!
Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.
has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country Thank you, I agree!
Assad hit the jackpot!
It will be great &amp; produce many jobs.
China, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.
Here we go!
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.
What will you miss most about Wiener?Absolutely nothing!
. you want to send more Americans out to war? Why don't you sign up?I am against an attack on Syria dummy!
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
Adopt the Arts campaign atensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
YOU ROCKED IT! MADE MY DAY!! ENJOY YOUR SUNDAY MR TRUMP! :) :) :)Thanks!
Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings,really stupid guy
just curious Toure, how have you done with your business ventures, and how many people do you employ?
Trump For President 2016 !!! Thanks!
Mr. Trump how is Toure a racist? I just don't see it. Not enough people watch him to know!
Why doesalways insist on calling ppl names and trying to taunt like a kid in a schoolyard? Only stupid people
What is your opinion on Tebow? Was destroyed at Jets-GREAT GUY-should have gone to Jacksonville!
I thinkshould run office for one day. Then maybe some stuff would get set straight. The right way. Thank you!
You forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks.True - people love them - thanks!
MSNBC'S TOUR HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNNIt's Toure's modus operandi. He is so angry.
yup. Trump line rocks. The ties are impeccable ! Thanks DT.
So much for global warming. Earth is cooling at a record pace
F.O.C.U.S. - Follow One Course Until Successful-Midas Touch (this is a great read) Thanks.
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!
For all of my millions of followers, and at your request, I will be tweeting tonight during President Obamas speech!9pm ET
should be elected for president of the world. The man speak great sense about world problems!! #leader
Doing a commercial forlots of fun!
I just bought one of your shirts for a business trip,quality,style,&amp;value from a name I trust.
Tomorrow morning I will be sporting my Trump Collection, Tie &amp; Cuffs!!!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way. #inspirationThanks!
Why don't you retire and spend your money?Too boring!
He is not smart enough to understand!
PresObama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria..he is playing golf ...go figure
My DJT Collection men's wallet fromlasted me many years. Loved that wallet
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set Americas deterrence &amp; stature back by years. Amateurs!
give me an update on Anthony Weiner ??He's finished!
would you lend him $10? 98% of people wouldn't. No, he's too stupid-lost $'s.
Why are we fighting for the rebels that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syrias chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
do those jobs provide health insurance?Yes, big league!
Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy,now worth over $10 billion dummy
empires rise and empires fall I just hope as a black man I'm dead b4 ours falls, cuse if I ain't we're gone 1st
I'm in the states next week and whenever I am there I always buy Trump shirts and ties. I luv em
LOL! Way to go Trump!brilliant and funny! Double threat guy!
who is your favourite celebrity Apprentice winner?I have many!
damn right just bought one lookin fresh!Great!
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
You have my vote and I'm a Democrat!(Albeit a Conservative one)Thanks Joe.
Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter.
#TheView Lots of fun onwithand
you are my inspiration,you are true legend,and i wish i had same fate like you!!!You are doing well.
Press conference at The Old Post Office in D.C.
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M.
Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
wears ua line of #shirts too even if you don't agree wit his #leadership style!Very cute.
visited your Winery in Charlottesville VA today. Amazing!Thanks.
Congratulations toon her superbwin.She is terrific!
Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr #OldPostOffice
Hopefully Donald Trumps fate is to be a very old, rich ex president in good health. So nice!
I have the cuff links!!!! They single handedly got me a job!!
Watch Donald, I'm a huge fan but a huuuuuge Bills fan. Painful loss. A tough one to take!
Great!
Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be? You never know!
your apparel is the first thing I look at when I go to the mall!Thanks - you have good taste!
Happy Birthday!
thoughts on Geno??He played great, especially for his first game!
did u get boo d at the us Open last night?No, very friendly crowd-great match!
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.No answers!
Downtown Manhattans trendiest hotel,-- 46 stories of luxurious rooms, fine dining &amp; The Spa
Bought 5 Trump shirts for husband today. So sophisticated! Hope u run for president. Thanks and enjoy!
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
what time dose your days start? 4 or 5 A.M.!
How old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your life?18.
I got a suit and 3 ties from youGreat Joe!
speaks nothing but the truth, unlike certain people in the current presidential administrationTrue Diane
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
Arsenio, may your run be long, successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck.
Syria is a complex and dynamic situation. No one would expect you to comprehend it. Nor Obama! So true
Heading down to D.C.
Icahn, Kravis, Zell, Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do.
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi!
#TrumpVine from D.C.-
Jags GM stated he would not take Tebow, even if released. Can he go back in that statement?!?He should!
I may not always agree withstatements.. But he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties
personally I would ignore Toure everybody else does. He is not relevant, you are. I don't like dumb racists!
You need both, thanks.
Where can I find more Trump ties...they are the best ties I've ever ownedAt Trump Tower - 57th &amp; Fifth.
, Great. I don't always agree with you but I always respect you. Thank you.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt
Great looking couple-good to have him back!
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
love stracciatella and strawberry ice cream from That's great, enjoy!
Do you wear your brand fromRT YES!
when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? Got to love the Trump brand but Trump presidency best!
when will u return toSoon!
We really don't need your shirts, damn we need your brains! Get involved in politics!Thanks!
#2016 #changeisnear ????Could happen!
Olivia=a total winner!
what a coarse, what service. A jewel of Scotland
The Quality is the best. A+.
Want to take a quiz with me? Download theapp and watchon Monday at 8/7c on
Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
Just landed in D.C.
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late
To keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.Think Big
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low.
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable
We should send Obama and Congress to Syria!
Trump will do or say anything.But Toure (why only one name?) is just a very dumb racist-bad ratings!
I want him to do a great job but he can't.
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!! Thanks.
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!
With the signature services of Trump Attach,brings premiere luxury to the white sands of Waikiki
We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
Did you enjoy the experience you had with Yes, had a great time!
I have just lost my beautiful &amp; elegant long time exec. assistantNorma Foerderer. She passed away yesterdaya truly magnificent woman.
I'm addicted to your books. Are you writing another any time soon?At some point, there is so much to write!
Huntingtons Disease is a terminal and genetic illness.Please retweetfor education.
Could you imagine Bill Belichek broadcasting to Tom Coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz?
Obama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner!
Thank you.
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
Many Syrian rebels are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
u mad becausedoesn't want u on his show? He begs me to go on his show-done it many times loser!
. must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Dont let Syria rule the agenda.
you would make such a good president Thank you!
Send it to me in New York, Doug!Thanks.
Oh, how painful this must be for liberals and RINOs! Great going Mark-terrific book!
Thx RTWell done,Thurs Cable News Ratings: Fox's Bret Baier Beats CNN, MSNBC, HLN Combined.
. had a flawlessquarterfinal win last night. Shes a great player and a wonderful person.
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obamas war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that! Thank you!
Well quit yapping about and run for office. I like your ideas. DO IT!!
My shirts, ties and suits are selling greatbecause they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
Thanks.
Idc what anyone saysis the manVery nice!
hell yeah! Dammit I love the frankness and brutal honesty of! It is the only way!
Any political leader who wont face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.The America We Deserve
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
You're a pussy shut up and stop cryingshow is funnyNo, Jay is dumb as a rock-gets outplayed
No surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry &amp; McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels
Viaby Hannah Sampson: BLT Prime coming to Trumps Doral resort
inspires me soo muchGreat!
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
god your the best Mr. Trump!I like you tooooo!
you have more followers than they (do. So true, and am hopefully MUCH smarter!
Why do you think you're so polarizing?Because I like to be-it often times brings out the truth!
. book Emily Gets Her Gun exposes the attack on our Second AmendmentA must read!
It's sad thatknows more about politics than our politicians
I wonder how much our leaders have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?
That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics, TV &amp; even real (cont)
can you imagine serious people comparing modern warfare to a football game?ACTUALLY YES!
All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp; treasure.
If you plan for the worstif you can live with the worstthe good will always take care of itself.The Art of the Deal
Very true!
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A.
is the man,never heard such wise words. #HandsOffSyria.SMART!
haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!
When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the rebels executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels!
... while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph
Can I get a RT fromfor getting three of the best looking shirts#bigfan
I hear this moronsaid nasty things about me (hair etcboring) on the terminatedshow. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
I wish you'd run for office. The country needs more minds like yours.Thank you.
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
Thanks.
In January '12, 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ...
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.Midas Touch
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!
Must read viabyCongress Should Vote No on Syria
sawon a video in history yesterday... made my day #smartestmanaliveThanks, very nice.
Ive always defendedbut he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
Appreciate your property, and your property will appreciate for you.Think Like a Billionaire
do u like Lettermans show?Yes, much smarter than Leno.
In this case, What would you do if you were the President? I'd rebuild the U.S. and make it great again!
lmao.. What about his tattoos? Do you like those?NO!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -Thomas Jefferson
If President Obama was going to attack Syria, he shouldve done it a long time ago as a surprise &amp; not after (cont)
The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so completely stupid!
just turned off Jay!I can't watch him anymore, running out with the phony high fives-he's lost it!
think its time for The Donald to make a Surprise visit to #RAW Speak to Vince!
Thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
you need to go onto bash Jay Leno. Howard hates him tooHoward is right on Leno-Jay is over
The historic $250M renovations atare moving on pace. Once complete,will be South Floridas premiere resort.
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous!
Why is Sierra Club not speaking up for the birds slain by turbines? MUST READ from biologist
if only Japan had the same courtesy Dec 1941They should have told us they were coming like us with Syria!
when isgonna pay you? That is a very good question! His only good song is Donald Trump.
President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your powder for another (and more important) day!
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
you need to make a runTime will tell!
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the Syrian soldiers heart &amp; liver!!
I wish I could go on Jay's show so badly! Real quote fromReal quote is I wish they would stop calling
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in ScotlandAny turbine in close proximity to a school must go!
Thanks.
please run for POTUS 2016. America desperately needs a TRUE leader with common sense! Thank you.
But if we had a Republican President you would say the exact opposite right?Wrong!
If the government just listened tothis country would be so much better!
actuallyshould be a first guest to show #gratitude #class Thanks for your nice remark!
when you are president will you be able to bring back hope, jobs, and cash? #trump2016We have no choice
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
Donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? Amazing. I think you will win handily.Thanks!
wondering if u know or care that tomorrow begins childhood cancer awareness month.
never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them!
Thanks!
A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.Think Like a Champion
I am surprised Weiner is so delusional to think that he still has a shot! should seek help.
Any chance you'll change your mind and run for President? #GotMyVoteTime will tell!
trump tower here in Chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area
Your thoughts on Bill De Blasio for Mayor...I predicted two years ago that he would win!
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job!
I would be totally surprised if the US even HAS any money to spend on Syria!! We don't!
I realize what a mess we're in by watchingI readtweets...like a breath of fresh airThanks
Just finished 'art of the deal', Brilliant insight into your mind, thanks!
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY!
If you ever become president of the US, what would be your first step?Get rid of Obamacare!
just bought some beautiful Trump cuff links Great!
you should be our next President. This country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!True
To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else willTrue!
Good luck.
Elections have consequences. Obama just published final regulations for ObamaCares individual mandateEnjoy!
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama.
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare.
Congratulations toon winningTV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
the president of Syria is killing people inhumanlyBut the so called rebels may be just as bad (or worse)!
President Obama's Arab Spring is not looking so good right now!
That's the plan. Have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? I am stunned daily.
why the hell are you always criticising ObamaBecause he is doing a terrible, in fact embarrassing, job!
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
is the kind of president we need!True!
From the great author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article.
Soon.
I've always looked up toBusiness and Politics! He's the man!Thank you!
mr trump would attack Syria or no?No, lets make our country great again as they fight their war!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
, you should be President . Save AmericaThank you!
Thanks.
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our talk - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!
I LOVE YOU DJT SR FOR PRESIDENT 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks!
You have real talent!
Agree completely!! Mr. Trump for President!Thanks!
Thank you.
may be many things, but one thing he is, is right. #tellsitlikeitis Thank you (sort of).
Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him don't do it. He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
I usually agree with you, not tonight. Stop criticizing The President.I will when he makes good decisions
mr trump for presidentThank you!
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the war thing right now!
So true!
If u r so disappointed at Obama why don't u run for president in 2016!Watch!
You always have something negative to say about Obama ,dont you?Yes!
Think of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!
My son Joey survived leukemia. He is is now 13. Thank you Make-a-Wish and NCCF for everything they did.
he's no Churchill. He might not even be Jimmy Carter!
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
james franco is prettier than donald trump But I get better ratings!
Happy birthday.
can't say Obama doesn't know how to throw a polite war!General Patton would not be happy right now!
- Donald you are anti-Obama no matter what Obama does, you will take the opposite view.WRONG-all on merit
Why isn'tpresident instead of Obama ??That is truly a good question!
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
Just from reading his tweets, it seems likecould run our country much better than our President right now.
can General Dempsey tell Obama delaying Syria bombardment will have no consequences?He's no Patton!
if trump was POTUS we would have all the money we need! #trump 2016 That's true!
Glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work,Thank you!
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
I just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things, 2 the point.Thanks.
Thank you.
I'm scared for my future.You should be!
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
Roast ofwill be the best one since OK, as long as mine remains number one!
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.
Our country is looking very bad right now!
you realize that is what Iran wants, dont you? You beat Iran in a much different fashion-not through Syria!
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
If two of your competitors were at war, would you let them destroy each other? Or would you back one?
Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you cant sell it, who will?Midas Touch
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site Raise money for anything!
How would you treat the Syria situation if president ? I'd let them all fight with each other-focus on US!
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
Make an appearanceWe would love to host you at the USC #EntrepreneurshipClubThanks!
- it's so bad there are actually maps of targets now in #Syria &amp; where USA ships would attack from.
I applaud Columbia, South Carolina for cleaning up biz centerWill cut crime &amp; advance commerce.
Obviously amateur hour at the WH. Obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so.
After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!
China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help Cute!
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us!
Great!
I hoperuns for president. For obvious reasons.
with all due respect, Bush did exactly the same thing in Iraq.You will seldom see me defending Bush.
Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you.
is officially the person I look up to! #billionaire #hero Thanks.
People are really liking the new ties and shirtsare amazing and selling great!
The misery of Obamas economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011
Interesting and thanks!
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
. I disdain you with every fiber of my being.Thank you!
So true!
for once the UK has seen sense and not been dragged into this. They were, for once, very smart!
Via @ WSOC_TV: Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures
How bad has our leader made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize.
Young entrepreneursin an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military.
Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
A talk show is an amazing idea- so many would love to see you do it...your insight on a daily basis? what a gift!
Thanks Dan.
You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.Think Like a Billionaire
the Arab league should be taking care of this, not us.100% correct
True.
Wow,ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!
a few billion more dollars, but I'd rather sayPresident Trump than President Gates!
Thanks Ben.
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
he's to soft of a presidentIncompetent would be a better word!
Viaby Jeffrey Lord: Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?What a great writer &amp; researcher--amazing story.
You should have your own talk show.Networks and many have asked, but I don't have the time. Thanks!
What a shame thatratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%.are (cont)
Viaby Lauren Odomirok: Trump, Norman play renovated golf course
I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
A talk show is a great idea. Please make the time sir. The country needs you now more than ever.
Not to mention we probably don't have the money to spend on another long war!!So true!
agreed, we need our troops on the streets of Chicago, not in Syria
love Macy's !I agree!
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
I will!
Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more! Interesting!
Bill Gates has nothing on Donald Trump. #Trump2016
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest,
remembering your generosity to so many after #SuperstormSandy. Thank you Marlena.
We need a strong minded POTUS in office before we enter into another war.
Thanks.
Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW, Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE!
I agree, thanks.
Thanks.
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory.
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day.
Tanja--never give up!
Happy Birthday Deborah.
The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
You could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons. Thanks.
Donald makes you happy. .thats good ..we need something to make us happy with this President.
I'm a prof salesman, but not motivated by money, but like to win. Is that a bad thing?No, not at all!
Happy Birthday Bernice.
One day I hope to be successful &amp; a bit controversial like...keeping things interesting &amp; classy Go for it!
Interesting.
are you planning to visit Uruguay as soon as Punta del Este Tower is done? I'd like to get my books signed.Y
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. -
Thanks La Toya!
Bought a poster frame from my Wal-Mart store today, and the sample picture was Trump Tower in Chicago. Great
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. - Gen. Douglas MacArthur
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
talk shows are stale! But a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the Trump Org. Exciting!
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!
Watch @ FoxNews &amp; former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit
Thanks!
Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! AwesomeThanks.
So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!
What an awful piece on #realsports aboutHBO should be ashamed. #trump2016Very dishonest piece by racist Gum
what would you do - give a solution vs being so critical?.!.I would make America great again!
Could be argued thatmay or may not be a horrible person, but his twitter is the best! Thank you Donald.
#trumptuesdays were the best! This country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong!
No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools.
So true, not even close.
I'm going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president. #Trump2016 That's OK with me!
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
I really wantto speak at Liberty University convocation again. Great school.
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
True.
Remember, all these freedom fighters in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.
Actually, I think it was factual and right on the mark. You are a vulture sir, nothing more.Thank you!
Jeff has been battling cancer for years. Huge fan and Trump supporter, as am I.
Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
Josh8J4
I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA Thank you.
Congrats toon makingfirst cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
A talk show would be the perfect arena for you Mr. Trump. Ratings would soar through the roof! But no time!
today I received many compliments from wearing shirt and tie outfitGreat!
Dress for success. The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available
. anddiscussing my case on
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
how do you know those kids will never work?I know!
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC, a sad and pathetic show, are way down. If they fired racist morona truly stupid guy, they live!
what was racist about that story?The story wasn't racist, just inaccurate and wrong. Bryant is dumb &amp; racist
Why Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria Perhaps because he is stupid?
Do you ever get sad?I don't have the time!
In thathaswith really dumb racistBryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs.
the one who talks much, does nothing Except make 10 billion dollars - go get a job dumbass!
Congratulations toon The Liberty Amendments debuting at #1 on the NY Times bestseller list. Must read!
If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!
Myint. destroying Schneidermans frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs.
Lawsuit against Trump University is without a doubt ---political.
Ifruns for president in 2016, I'll be old enough to vote to put him in office. Wooh! #Trump2016
Since the Art of the Deal you have been an inspiration to me!Thanks.
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks?
ViaTrumps new course plans on display
Thank you.
Schneidean is in trouble. History shows thatwill publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender.
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed, all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 AM
Hey.. your getting bashed byabout the lawsuit! RevAl is just conning his way through life!
I've taken a few of the classes on line. Thought they were very good.
Why isnt AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is missing?
Interesting!
Great Jason!
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate, which in a recent book he miraculously found.
extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit. You can sue!
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.
Corzine is a evil schemer who stole 1.4 billion. Trump starts a University to help people get rich &amp; he's bad!
Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me
purely a political move if he met w/Obama,Mr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!
Thanks!
Thanks Peter.
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the case is weak and more.Meets with Obama &amp; then files one day later.
Thanks!
Wipe the floor with him Mr Trump !
Thanks, great that you remember, really nice.
Thanks, it was fun and amazing!
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obamas birth certificate?I got him to release it, or whatever it was, when nobody else could!
Anyway, Im all about jobs &amp; the economy &amp; making America great again. Were falling fast!
I like you too.
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website
Had an amazing stay at the Trump in Chicago this past weekend Thanks
At least Doral will be great again!!!That's true!
as for #TrumpUniversity I have ONLY ever heard GREAT things from former students. Don't sweat it!
Fox and Friends
I don't think he can!
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!
John McCain couldnt get him to release it and neither could Hillary Clintonbut Donald did!
Time flies its30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history-
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses
I will make this known, if you had run for President, you had my vote, If you run,you still have my vote
I thinkbook, The America We Deserve deserves a read. Written in 2000, very prescient!
Thanks Terry.
those are the ppl that can't handle the truth. Great job at forcing his hand like only The Trump can do!!!
Sir Nick is not only a great player, he is a great guy -and, by the way, doing a fantastic job for CBS!
Eric Schneiderman trying to get himself an image as a strong man is suingBad choice, Trump will eat him alive
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
What was up with Bryant Gumbel's cheap shot on you on HBO? He's a really dumb, really jealous racist!
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
Seeon the cover ofView the digital edition:
Viaby Jeffrey Lord: New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted
ViabyTRUMP: NY MAG AILES STORY 'TOTAL BULLS**T' It was total bullshit!
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
huge supporter of your political beliefs! #staytrumping Donald!I will!
. legal analyst &amp; former prosecutordestroyed hack Schneidermans suit onyesterday.Shes very sharp!
Happy birthday!
please can you RT? Little Mackenzie needs lifesaving treatment urgently and time is running out fast.
,Mr.Trump I just wanted u 2 know I agree w/ u.Respect you 2.Thanks.
Via Talks Hamptons Lifestyle with Emmy Rossum
Col Peters is right. When our adversaries r at war w each other, Assad regime+ Al Q, stay out of it!
You're an inspiration for a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump. Thanks!Very nice, thank you!
dam right. Let them fight among themselves. Save our men and women's lives. Save our money. None of our bus.
See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about ongoing investigations.
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week ofshow-is terrific!
What did our very stupid &amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama &amp; Governor Cuomo?
After years of long stops then starts, why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. this case is going away,we have no case
will there be a new season of Celebrity Apprentice?YES!
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
Very cool, thanks.
maybe ill go to Macy's and buy ashirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding, stuff's beautiful Great
Thanks.
Amazing service from- great jobYou're hired! All futurebusiness trips.
Re Miss Universe Pageant, weve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked please dont leave, it would send the wrong signal.
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesnt go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
Thanks!
in Chicago for the first time, your building is amazing from the outside (cool color) to the inside.
Great!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold
Thanks!
To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.Think Big
What a great building Mr T!Thanks!
One of Obamas greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work.
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband.You can help! I did#donate
A better answer would have been Yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off.That too
Thanks.
Thank you.
If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians, increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
ViaTrump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'
Trump University Liberal Witch Hunt I hope they lose,and get counter sued.
I wish there were more people in the world like you. Thanks for all you do. Your an awesome person. Thanks
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
ViaImages of Donald Trumps 2nd North-east golf course released: Public have say on images
Thank you John.
attended Tax Lien Tax Seminar Trump University. Changed my life!!! Able to open my own company Scheer Group
You ROCK Mr.Trump!!!! #USAThanks.
my 1st book report in 5th grade was on The Art of the Deal ~1988.Great, Adam, and you hit big!
- It's not a great country now? No, we are a laughing stock all over the World-but we can come back big!
determination made you who you are?A very important element toward anyone's success!
Very cute!
Thanks!
off to your lovely Aberdeen golf club tomorrow.Just got ranked number one by Golf Week Mag. - enjoy it!
Bryant is the wanna be Greg Gumbel lol keep up the great tweets Trump!Greg is far more talented than Bryant.
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS
. If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy, I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont)
Obama wanted Mubarak out and his pals from Muslim brotherhood in. As usual what he does is a disaster
Doesn'thave better things to do, Like investigating Ted Cruise? You can't even spell his name!
Be sure to checkto see my picks
Who does Bryant Gumbel think he's messing with?? He's such a condescending jerk! And a no talent racist!
True--thanks!
Its Wednesday.How many times will A-Rod sue thetoday?A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
We must leave stop and frisk for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!
So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
Congress must defund ObamaCare.It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans.
Yes, at Macy's.
No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop &amp; Frisk) Is Stopped -Commissioner Ray Kelly
Great place- thanks!
Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.The Art of The Deal
Had a great time onlast night.Greta always does great interviews.
.. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State..---And what a great country it would be!
Happy Birthday!
..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel? He is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope!
I read on Wikipedia that you and Bryant Gumbel were roommates in college. No, I went to a much better school!
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
Obamas own gun study proves gun control is ineffective
And so have many others.
Thank you.
there is zero chance u get elected but u r a very powerful indorcerWrong and correct!
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp; violent criminals. Stop &amp; Frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
Congrats on becoming a#HOF. It can be argued that you are the reason Wreslemania was so Succesful
Thank you donald! tHis country needs you! Please run in 2016! Busines is what America is failing at!
Viaby Ann-Marie Parry: Plans revealed for course named after Trumps mother
Who plays more golf, yourself or the President? My money is on POTUS.You win!
what do u think about the new news Competitor Aljazeera AmericaI don't!
Our great project in South America, Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay, will have spectacular views and the...
Mr Trump my girlfriend and I just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. Looking forward to a great stay.
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
we would like to create a LL field in Chris Lanes honour at his home club.
.Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess.
What do you think should be done about Gun Control in the US?All good folks that have a gun should control it!
Isstill feuding with Who's Danny Zuker?
do you think Gumbel wrote that closing remark orBryant isn't smart enough (dumb as a rock), so HBO.
haha I think it's cute how my sister likes Donald trump Tell your sister I think she's great!
. did a horrible job for Mittis a refund in order? Sadly, Stuart is a disaster!
is able to see through all the garbage in our society. Wish more had the ability.
#TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt-
My mind would explode with happiness if Donald Trump was elected president.
I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump They were great--thanks!
Mrdo you have any advice for a young entrepreneur? Yes, come up with a great idea and work your ass off!
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities
Thanks!
what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate?ENERGY!
Do you think White House is doing enough about Egypt?They don't know what they are doing.- not even close!
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!
#TrumpAdvice
. As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector, if you lie on your resume, Youre Fired!
Why does Fox continue to bring on Karl Rove?A total waste of airtime-spent over $400 million and not 1 win!
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
Meanwhile, he's on the golf course as Egypt, Syria, Iraq burn.What else is new?
Mitt, but Stuart Stevens was terrible.
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
I wonder where al Sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in Duncan, Oklahoma.Where is the anger?
if Donald were stopped &amp; frisked he would raise hell and whine about his civil rights!No way!
So true!
Interesting!
After you become our next President - NO ONE will take advantage of this country again.
But really tho ifwas president omg I want that so bad
I love whentells everyone the truth about America. #RunForPresident
Christopher Lane
Why isnt mainstream media all over this like Trayvon Martin story?Will there be justice for Chris Lane?
Great job onMr. Trump! #Trump2016
Our infrastructure is crumbling!And we owe 17 trillion dollars!
Thanks
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster.
With Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner, which party really has the war on women?
Who is Bryant Gumbel? A racist dope with a long and deep record of failure!
.Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!
I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it. -Clint Eastwood
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
Just wanted to say that I love my Donald J. Trump dress shirts. By far most comfortable and best! Macy's
Donald, if U don't RUN in '16, we will be stuck with Hillary. Would you do that to us? Make it Trump '16.
I had no idea Bryant Gumbel was still on TV. Another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy
Donald Trump to Chris Christie: Dont hire viaby
The hatchet job inabout Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team.
you are so right as usual. You should run but it be a big pay cut. You are what we need. Thank you!
then Donald will be OK being stopped and frisked 3 times a week, making you lateO.K. with me!
Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday. - John Wayne
Thanks!
Its Tuesday.How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?
Damn, Bryant Gumbal is So Not Relevant on the scale of ANYTHING...So true!
Withexpected to representin the Presidential race, Chris will have a very hard time winning.
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY, welfare pays better than jobsZero incentive.
whenever I feel down and feel like giving up I simple go totwitter page.
. Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
I will be doing Greta Van Susterentonight at 10 PM on Fox News, talking about China &amp; Mitt's failed campaign team.
According to&amp; the people at Ms Universe Pageant they never askedto host this years pageant
Donald Trump will always be Mac Miller's best song, no contest.
I cannot wait until your building opens in Vancouver! It's gonna be a GREAT addition to our downtown core.
.. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State.. And our Country would be great.again! Thanks.
Thanks.
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
Midas Touch, by Donald J. Trump &amp;
you should be the President of MY country, Mexico.I better learn Spanish very fast!
Thanks Amie.
So nice, thanks!
I will be on Gretatonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
#TrumpVine Where is the money
we need a true leader to guide this great nation. Will you please answer the call? You have my vote Thank you
What can I do to help Donald J. Trump get elected to be President of the USA? Just sit tight-thanks!
Love Ivankas Style....Simply Classic &amp; Beautiful &amp; Very Smart :DDD KissesTrue!
Pls help highlight and RT Protect Blackdog: Welcome to the Protect Blackdog Blog!
It would be an honor to our nation if you would be our President! Thank you for your confidence!
Who knows?
Great!
Cant wait forfollow uppiece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
Sad Day for Atlantic city was the day you packed it in. The town jumped when you were there. Major loss.
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative. - David Ogilvy
Thanks Dan.
My honor, thanks!
In Miami tracking$250M renovations. Will be America's top resort.just signed for 10 yr ext.
mr. Trump, sir; you are a living legend and a living role model, please keep the amazing work up.So nice!
just caught your interview onon my DVR. Always love hearing you speak! Thanks!
Thanks.
Thanks!
When Donald Trump talks, people listen.So true!
Great picture, say hello!
your mother was such a pretty lady! True, considered a great beauty-thanks.
Very nice, thanks.
Myint. withon my Iowaspeech,2016 &amp; Benghazi
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it tuff!
. HOUSE LEADERSHIPESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.Dale Carnegie
.See photo
My interview withw/ destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewersthats why they want me on!
she did good. Trump could if he can talk in a way that everyone can understand. Just like Reagan.
DJT preserved the American dream after defeating president Chelseas mother Hillary in 2016
Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See, I can be very military. High rank!
I think he'll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for Trump
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1. 2.52 viewers, 6 SHR,1.91RTG, .55 25-542. 2.24 total viewers, 5 SHR,1.61RTG, .47 25-54
if President, what would be your 1st order of business?Terminate Obamacare!
C'mon, you KNOW you're the only one capable of beating Clinton
if you ran for president you have my vote. Get this economy back on track!
what's the J. stand for?John.
When your brand begins to build, you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.Midas Touch
Great job on Greta tonight! I am a huge fan and you really inspire me!Thank you.
Visited Chicago 4 1st time and saw your fantastic addition to skyline. Amazing and locals call it a success!
The Patch, a total loser forwill be a good deal compared to laughs at stupid Armstrong!
Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)
For a long time I thought you were so nasty. Now after reading your tweets I changed my mind. Great!
Great, good luck!
Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.
ReTimeWarner, I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another servicethis is ridiculous!
if you're president , I'll move to the states tomorrow ! #Trump #world_leader #you #are #hiredThanks!
may not agree with your political stance, but your golf courses are unrealThx (I think)
Congratson #RoadHard raising $1M ona record.
My motto is: Never give up. I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
you've got the vote of most Americans who want to see our great country re-stored to be the greatest country!
Congrats toof for exposing Jason Linkins ofas a lightweight dope who gives false information.
Real Wind Turbines Twitter / DanScavino:here is a ...
Obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare.Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
Still a buyers market but somewhat fragile.Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
Work hard, study, read 'The Art of the Deal' andMidas Touch
Great!
We all think presidents have so much control but everyone answers to someoneOurs answers only to Michelle!
sir, you would have my vote 100% guaranteed if you decided to show these DemoRATS how to run this country.
stop talking and run in 2016! If your name is on that ballot, you've go my vote! #MakeItHappen #FixAmerica
. refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen
Ifruns in 2016 he will be hard to beat;
It's calledfor President!There's only one way out of this tepid economy.
Good communicators control space.Roger Ailes, You Are The Message,
We need someone with a clue, someone who knows business to pull us out of this hole. We need Mr. Trump!
All is well between me andWe wear big boy pants. Mine happens to be camo. #NoWorries Great Jase!
Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!
Just finished #TheArtOfTheDeal.Awesome book w/ great insight! Thanks, good luck.
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
More on Benghazi cover up: ATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER: 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZI Really bad.
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
never actually considered running for President. All a publicity stunt #GoodBusinessMove WRONG!
Thanks.
Thanks!
Mark Levin's'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic is a truly great &amp; important book.
Went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got meeverything #CountOnTrump Great, have fun!
Thanks Kelsey.
The fact thatis considering a presidential run makes me so excited
Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom, Obamas job record would go from bad to worse!
Dont be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game Good luck, WIN!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold
Thanks!
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarnerWhy arent they giving subscribers major discounts?
Clear path to WH in '16. Americans very dissatisfied not just w economy but decline in CULTURE. U R only1
Wow, good competition!
Great interview on Greta. Can I tell you that I think that you are awesome? Thank you!
Thank you, I had an amazing time!
Thank you!
#confessionnight I want to one day slap Donald trump in the faceBUT REMEMBER, DUMMY, HE HITS BACK REALLY HARD!
I bought a shirt two years ago while visiting NY, still receiving compliments!! Love it!!Thanks!
remember when donald trump blocked me. i'm proud of myselfNO, YOU'RE A LOSER!
#Obama!! Is gonna knockto the ground on a debate.He woild.have no chance -lets go!
Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for Best Pet-Friendly Hotel
...maybe you will be debating Hillary!Maybe!
you are an important person that's why can't stop talking about you.
is too smart. He's the real deal. #RoleModel. Love ya man!You sound great!
Stay tuned!
- very fair interview!
Good.morning, I'm going to work!
I would pay to seedebate #Obama!!OK with me!
Wish Donald Trump didn't stop running for president.So do I!
Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband ofget any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?
Visited Trump Towers today in New York. It's a beautiful building
. called here in LA; prepaid 2 mos w/out a discount yet for SHO &amp; TMC; got my bill reduced by $59/mo +credit.
Donald Trump is a boss. Always Trumpin' people...and Trumpin' the competition. Love it. #CEO
Buying Egyptian cotton covers and Silk sheets for my Donald Trump Serta King size bed first thing tomorrow.!#1 BED-SERTA!
Thanks.
Will I have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016? #votetrumpWe will see, thanks!
I want to learn golf from the best. Can you teach me? :) I heard you are an amazing golfer!TRUE!
What could Donald possibly say that Romney, McCain, Santorum, Palin, and Bachmann haven'tPLENTY
America needs a businessman to run the country,not a politician with zero business acumen.
I dont know how you do it. Getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit. You are special
The failingand dopeyare writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!BE CAREFUL.
Very interesting!!!
ViaIowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent
So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl, Warren, etc.
my 19 year old son, Logan, is hoping you run in 2016. Me too! Thank you Logan and Erin.
Don't lie, you will watch with great gusto!
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How.much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
You are the only candidate ! We need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great
I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald! Great!
My finances have been totally filed dummy!
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack. -
General George S. Patton
I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak?
I'm so happy that you find time to tweet. I really enjoy following you.Thanks Amy.
Hell, reality gets under his skin. :D RTI thinkblocked me. True, because you're a boring racist!
. Great playing--we are proud of you!
Mac Miller has one good song &amp; its Donald Trump &amp; its really just the beat that's cool.AND THE NAME!
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available atis the pinnacle of style and prestige
Deal done--too late dopey!
. is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel, 4 star restaurant &amp; spa
Thanks.
He knows the best place!
If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.Donald Trump
It was great being with you last night - fantastic people, and Bob V is special!!!
. is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotlands throat he's hated for it.
hay Mr. Trump! You're my rolemodel,and I love your show(Celebrity Apprentice)Thanks!
FACTthe reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
Send some ties to Eric Bolling. He needs them.is this so?
Make your life as groundbreaking as possible, while also minding the tides and riptides around you. - Think Like a Champion
So nice, good morning!
Not only isa racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy!
Some of us never stopped ignoring him. RT ONLY THE REALLY SMART ONE'S NEVER STOPPED.!
Re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable.
.I'm voting for you whether you officially run or not! Trump for Prez and Christie for VP.
Thanks Thomas!
heyi walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc.Thanks!
Arianna has 1.3 million followersTrump is new and has 2.3 million
Thanks.
Iseven regarded as a valid source of information.. By anyone??NO!
. great job during your interview onThis country needs you.Thank you!
: Great job on this week! Way to stick it to the liberal media.
- how do you deal with idiots on daily basis?Ignore them.
First Ministerwill be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
A long time ago, thanks.
they re-run stories every hour....and yes she is as goofy as she is dopey!
In the latest poll, Danger-Weiners numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
So true--thanks.
Colin MontgomerieYou are not only a great golfer, you are doing a great job of commentary
Michael Moore likes her #Trump2016
I agree-- is going down withand Patch &amp;hates Tim Armstrong.
all good cos I dont read huffington post. Its garbage It is failing badly!
you have my vote! Thanks.
Money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.Think Like a Billionaire
Congratulations toon winning the PGA championship. Great job!
I enjoyed my intetview withonly hope it is fairly edited!
Are your ties available in South Africa?You can order them online
just saw you on- absolutely awesome. Thanks for giving me hope in the US.
i got dollars on Trump.
Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He cant spin his failing and contemptible public record.
We need you in the White House Trump!Thank you!
Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!
Donald Trump is his only good song in my opinionEXCEPT FOR HIS DONALD TRUMP SONG, LITTLE MAC MILLER'S MUSIC SUCKS!
My hubby just said you're his 2016 pick. I told him to get in line. I picked you first. #Trump2016Adorable!
Thank youfor putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world.
great speech in Iowa Thank you, it was fun!
save us Mr Trump 2016Do not fear!
.Really solid playing--keep going!
Fool Donald Trump once, shame on you. Fool Donald Trump twice well, you cant fool him a second time!
If FMneeds to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence, he will lose!
I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's Leadership Summit
Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy
just saw last nights speech via DesMoines Register - was amazing Mr. Trump!Thanks Dan!
Where'sthis Saturday morning? Twitter not as much fun without The Donald!I agree 100% - and thanks!
I understand, thanks.
That could happen, he is terrific!
Just a few days until I keynote at Leadership Summit in IowaVery exciting
Sleepy eyesof the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that Im doing
Sleepy eyeswhen looking at my financial filings, shouldve said Great job Mr. Trump, Sir.
Donald Trump for POTUS...Just saw you on Greta's show...you give me hope for the future...God Bless!!!
Thanks.
Just checked in at Trump Itnl Hotel Las Vegas. We love our amazing suite! Thank you!Enjoy!
. 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon CarterDisaster!
Keep your chin up, keep going.
HI!
Goddammit. I agree with Trump. MTA-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete Rode into The Hall!
Thanks.
Doesnt dummyrealize that when I considered running for president, I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
When we finish, it will be one of world's great hotels.
How sick is's? Maybe a futureorin 5 yrs
Thank you.warned for a year now about windfarms - Salmond is a moron
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - W. Clement Stone
Thank you Brian and good luck.
Have a Happy Birthday.
We will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years.
SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!Thanks,best in Chicago!
Thanks Michelle!
Patience is the greatest of all virtues. -- Cato
So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people!
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
Thank you.
Thanks!
Thanks.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
Albert Einstein
Ive found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.Midas Touch
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold
Thanks Jake.
Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice &amp; is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter.
Letin the HOF - it's time!
Love Chicago trump hotel. Beautiful. Raises the bar for other hotels.
Great interview!Thanks!
My favorite person on twitter is Thanks!
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
Thanks!
Biggest motivation and THEE best role models ever!Bill is a terrific guy!
England Loves Donald Trump. Where can we buy your ties from over here please? Check out
Yes, it will be amazing.
The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
Thank you!
dude that's freaking cool as heck RTwind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in 10 yrs
. features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors NYC's trendiest luxuryhotel
Great!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Thomas A. Edison
money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems Wrong!
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke....
Made sure to visitduring our 1st vacation to NYC. Well done Thanks.
Best to look up titles atunder publications. Start with The Art of the Deal and Never Give Up.
Good luck again!
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
Thanks.
is my model. I have been looking up to him for the longest time.Thanks!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Great!
Happy birthday!
Get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you. --Think Big
Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!
If you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed.
My honor!
Have a great time-happy birthday!
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. --Benjamin Franklin
HI!
Thanks Ian.
I would prefer a Trump/Giuliani ticket, but a Trump/Anyfreakingbody ticket would make me delirious.
Good luck!
has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this Sunday at my home for a bone marrow case.
Only some!
spent the night at The Trump Taj Mahal in AC. Had a great time!!!!! Great staff!
in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is Donald Trump. He leads by example! I am the BEST,thx
Wrong, Piers is smart &amp; tough and, when you get to know him, a really good guy--and loyal!
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole.
wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in mid-flight during the next decade.
Great, go get 'em!
Happy Birthday Shane.
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
Heyvisited Trump International Hotel in #Vegas yesterday. What a fantastic hotel. Thanks!
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.
--Mark Twain
Blackdog, Scotland, started a petition against
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.Thats the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch
You're making deals with non-deal-makers.on the U.S. government.And that is a real problem!
Excited to be keynoting Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday
Thanks
Great being on your show--see you soon!
Drove around the new Blue Monster again tonight. Saving photos. What Donald Trump has done here will shock golf world!
Windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife. May not be politically correct, but it's the truth.
He should meet him &amp; beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business.Think Like a Champion
Its a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.Think Like a Champion
dream team for president/ vice president ticket 2016. Make it happen!I am proud of Trace!
Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel, The Old Post Office Building, Washington, D.C.
Thank you Rob!
Thanks.
I met someone this evening who had a story about what you did for some foster kids and it moved me. Thsnks.
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
66
Trump Soho is the best hotel.Thanks.
Do you think there's any chance of changing the course we're on? Yes, but we must move quickly!
What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve. -Norman Vincent Peale
You should Vine more often, they're great! #trumpvineThanks!
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.Putin is laughing at Obama.
just stayed at Trump in Vegas and dined privately at DJT. FABULOUS!
like when Bush killed all those kids in Iraq when he invaded the wrong country? Really bad war
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Thank you!
That's great!
Thanks!
. do u ever get sad?Yes, when I look at what's happening to our Country!.
Not gonna lieis my idolGreat!
I wonder whofirst guest will be---- his show will be great!
I'm a big fan of the newties. Thanks, selling great at.Macy's!
OmikronDreamer
do you wear your own ties?Yes.
Look at the solution, not the problem--and never give up.
Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attackStill a phony scandal?
Please send info to 725Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022.Thanks.
Wrong!
help meI am depressed. Keep your chin up!
My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channelto win the job! Go get it!
People dont know that Eliots father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend hes poor to appeal to voters.
Thank you for those nice words!
If you don't do your part, don't blame God. - Billy Sunday
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT #Trump
How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major? Very soon!
Trump Soho the best looking building in the country. No other building in the world looks like it. Thanks!
Thanks Tim!
country shouldn't be capitalized there Donald.I always cap when talking about the USA (only)!
ChrisMatthews ratings are at new historic lows.He is single-handedly destroying the entirechannel.
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man!
I think I'm anticipating the next season of Celebrity Apprentice more than the start of football season.
just started reading your book #ThingBig, it's freaking amazing!
Soho...... You're brilliant!It has proven to be a great hotel....Thanks.
Happy birthday Glenda!
The key word is yet. Keep at it, never give up.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
- Henry David Thoreau
Thank you!
I am getting worried about ChrisMatthews.Is he drinking again?
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.Will be spectacular.
hi Don, what are your thoughts on Teresa Guidice???? A really nice person-hopefully everything will work out
i survive on bread, water andessential tweetsGreat!
Donald TrumpsBreaks $1M for Comedian Adam Carolla: New crowdfunding site sets record
Great!
staying at the Trump in Chicago. Well done sir. This place is amazing #Chicago #Trump
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.
Great going.
thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia? No respect for U.S. by Russia.
you're one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! AMERICA NEEDS A CLEAN UP!
Conservative!
I know!
Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall.
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and their esteem.Abraham Lincoln
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
When I jokingly said bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple because Apple has not been doing well, the haters &amp; losers had a field day!Sad.
- so cool thatandare twitter friends!!-And REAL friends, Joel is the BEST!
Life is too short to hang around cynical people. Find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories.
I would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question?With a little good guidance, great!
Yes, very soon.Project will be amazing!
Thank you.
ViaThomas Jefferson, Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia
Obama needs to listen to- Nope, #Trump2016 must do it. Obama clueless &amp; in over his big head.
Eliot better have a great pre-nupI want to help Silda in her negotiation.
Myint. on China, the economy and my upcoming keynote atLeadership Summit
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
Thanks.
what will it take to bring back the made in the USA label?Great leadership!
Happy Birthday!
I hope that one day I'll have a career like yours. You're such a role model to me!Thank you!
Sipping on some Starbucks in the Trump Towers my first day in NYC. Very impressive and inspirational #amazing!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold
Pursue it starting today. Actionis the foundational key to all success.
PabloPicasso
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting.
thanks Mr. Trump weTeresa #RHONJSay hello to Teresa-tell her to keep her chin up
Perhaps.
Have fun!
Thanks.
Im ontonight to talk about what the Yankees should have done about A-Rod long ago
Do as I say, not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all CongressAll are hypocrites!
Take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. Its a great recipe for some good times &amp; great memories.
Thank youfor the assignment!!!!! Great job, Fredrik!
The Art of the Deal.
is raising money for cancer the whole month of August. In two days we have raised $1500.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Goethe
Just likeorganization, I cant wait forto suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport.
Let me sum this up for you...
#TrumpVinesucks!
Less than ten days until I keynote Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.
so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart manGreat.
Thank you.
Thanks!
we hit 3,000 VIEWS today for #BREAST #CANCER- KNOW you care! PLEASE RT!
Obama needs to listen toso we can turn things around economically !!So true, and it would be sooooo easy!
sparkling, white &amp; red wine collections have won numerousmajor awards &amp; acclaim including
Thanks.
Thank you.
The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Do you ever see the USA once again becoming a Manufacturing power?Only with new &amp; capable leadership.
#TrumpVine A message for
Whose worse weiner or arod? Too close to call!
Thanks!
True!
is what happened to Detroit a good thing (long term) ??? It has been sliding for decades.Incompetence
I'm at Trump National DCwatching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players!
Justin, it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!
#snowden not a traitor. Shared info with fellow Americans who have a right to know about NSA snooping Bullshit
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
there will come a day when everyone will say we should have listened to Donald Trump. So true!
The Golden Rule of Negotiating:He who has the gold makes the rules.
The U.S. is now begging Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.
What advice would you give's wife Huma? Take off!
You will get support, but you have to be serious about it and you have to stay in the race.
I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump
when does Apprentice finish casting? We are casting now-some great people!
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. - Vince Lombardi
Via Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia
quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC?Tuesday for PGA
I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank youThanks.
Thanks Colin.
You have to have BIG ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ Donald Trump
...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We start shooting in the Spring!
Negotiation tip: Be patient, be persistent, be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.
RTOnce you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. - Vince Lombardi
Thanks!
Thank you Andy!
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
which one of your Trump courses is your favorite to play? Hard to say--all are fantastic.
I got someties. The quality is unparalleled at that price point.
please tell me another apprentice is coming !!It is!
Have a great day.
too wanna hear the truth? Listen to Donald trump it's that simple
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough. - Donald Trump
Thanks.Eric.
I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki.
Happy Birthday.
Do you have someone you would trust to run your businesses while you were president?My kids!
Be sure to listen to my interview on tonights Steve is a terrific guy!
Besides hard work, what has made you such an enormous success? I love what I do.
Donald speaks the truth but I guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys!
Great piece by exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare
if Mr. Trump runs for president, America will get back to beating china! Go trump!!
what do you think the best major to study in college is? Follow your dreams-study what you love!
They are laughing.
Trust in God and be true to yourself.
Mary MacLeod Trump
Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Fred C. Trump
Druggieis now scheming to sue theHe will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
Trump: Something mentally wrong with Weiner viaby
Looking forward to keynoting Leadership Summit.Tickets selling out
dear sir... So can i ask. Hpw can i fuel my passion Only by doing something that you love!
The new realityChinas demand for oil now controls the market And OPEC gets away with ripping us off at $105!
Obama believes Benghazi is a phony scandal.Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
Congratulations toon her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
what One Thing would it take for you to run for President in 2016?Great support!
beating China, and I'd just like to see someone that's in it for the good of the USA.Great!
what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country? Find greatness and push to victory!
Derek Jeter, what a return! He is the anti A-Rod, great leader. Have you met him? He is a Great guy!
What do you mean IF Donald ran!? If he doesn't run, we're sunk.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success. - A. Schweitzer
Donald, out of all the resorts you own, which do you consider the best? I'd better not say!
a good 75% of's tweets get favorited Great!
Really hoping NBC will officially announce renewal of show very soon! Apprentice is casting now-season 14.
I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one.
When is #TrumpNationalDoral scheduled to b completed? Can't wait 2 see da choppa in March Very soon!
The only reason I came to DC for my sister's golf tournament is to see Donald Trump speak at the dinner Thanks!
You can have a round on me!
No I can't say I see it, I don't see the U.S as a major player ever again. Thanks to ObamaWrong
Defund it, or own it. If you fund it, you're for it. -
Thanks Sonia.
if u ran for President how will u get your ideas passed by senate &amp; congress? It's leadership!
what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur? Come up with a great idea and then work your ass off
the real Q is how does the NSA justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data? So true
Thanks.
Wacko pervertidea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. Hes an insensitive racist.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhileachievement. - Henry Ford
Thank you so much Adam!
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16.
Thanks.
Are you redoing the Red Course @ Doral too?Yes.
For the week, # for Junior PGA Championship is #2103JuniorPGA at Trump DC
The Art of the Deal!
It will really be amazing when complete.
Thank you-work hard and good luck.
Got word that Celebrity Apprentice has been picked up for another season! Its official!! Shooting next spring!
Surprise? 1970s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as todays global warming
is there anyone that loves you more than yourself? Probably not!
Wow--great! Thanks.
Via Donald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership SummitGet tix
Ate the best steak of my life at your Trump Hotel in Waikiki, Hawaii. Tremendous service and menu! Mahalo!
that he even has any poll numbers is baffling.True!
appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u.My honor.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
Got engaged at. Staff has been amazing! Glad we could have our special day here. Beautiful!
Mr. Trump, can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the WH?Will not be easy!
withas president USA will be back on topTrue!
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
Why ispursuing environment destroying windmills whenquit because of no (cont)
Will nextbe #trumped? Only if Vince wants to break our ratings and pay-per-view record!
I feel like the only people who hateare people who can't handle the truth...he tells it how it is.
Open up your LinkedIn account today and you may see this article aboutW'68.
Myint. on Obamas falling poll numbers, Americans losing incentive to work and Weiners sexting
Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into abrand is to know who you are. - Midas Touch
I've never liked Danny Zuker. Notice how he has a bunch of drones begging for jobs! He has no power over jobs
trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!!True!
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
He's a very sick puppy. He's got a perversion. -pulling no punches re: Weiner (#GretaWire)
Ifran for president I would so support him!Thanks Grady!
when will Charlotte see Trump as part of the skyline?Already have a great job there, Trump National.
She agrees with you on Anthony Wiener a/k/a Carlos Danger...We then agree on something
Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
Will we ever see Trump run in 2016? #AskDonaldTrump
You have to get people wanting to work again, and that's not what's happening in this country.
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee, I wonder why?
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.- John Wayne Cant argue with the Duke.
also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days. And I have stock
Looking forward to my Iowa visit at Summit Big crowd!
ifis irrelevant why did you block him?Because he is irrelevant (also, boring)!
quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC? Great!
You are my biggest inspiration! All the way in Australia but I know you are a great American god bless Thanks!
ten years ago, we had steve jobs, bob hope, and johnny cash. now, we have no jobs, no cash, and no hope.
you are truly a man that anyone can look up to. I have the utmost respect for you, a true and honest man. I try!
Thsnk you.
My comment last March - Anthony Weiner is a sick pervert, you think he will change? He will never change.
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
When will Dubai be complete? Under construction now-completion in two years!
...other counties are looking at us as a laughingstock.#Truth
On the sands of Playa Brava, waves will reflect on walls &amp; circular architecture of Trump Tower Punta del Este
...you always speak the truth!!! #nobulldonald!!!!
#Scotland is so lovely, I understand your love for it.
Please help us achieve our goal and share the link. Thank you!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
#Trump2016 only one I can think of to fix this spending problem.
andneed to run this country. It's not rocket science...ps can't wait to see Doral!
What advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol???Tough deal but can be licked-AA.
Thanks.
In love with The best book that i ever read !why we want you to be rich and Robert kiyosaki
Can't wait to visit this location one day! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump!Thanks!
Can't wait! What a beautiful project...you're amazing too, Ivanka. So true!
Do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like Detroit?With bad leadership it could happen!
Trump: Weiner a 'Sick Puppy' That NYC Doesn't Needvia
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
Thanks.
I think you would make a great president of the United States because you are an amazing leader Thank you!
I bet if he were running this country, we wouldn't be in this mess!!True-great again!
if you were the President how long would it take for you to erase the U.S. Debt Deficit?Not very long!
Learn to think continentally. - Alexander Hamilton
well Vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice. They were too arrogant and too stupid-Aberdeen turbines=losers
Remember when you were in the music video On Our Own from #Ghostbusters II? That was awesome.Yes!
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner-
SO!..... Are you running in 2016 or NO? We need you!!
In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of$250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort.
family is the US version of the Royal family! No, but thank you so much!
There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that. -Bobby Orr
Cant wait for tourney next March, always good to have you on withbefore big tournament
Mar-a-Lago is Floridas most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities
cant wait one of the best shows on tvIt will be a great season with our best cast ever!
For the sake of New York City, all recent sexting victims of Anthony Carlos Danger Weiner should come forward.
Big fan Mr. Trump, you're Howard's most honest guest. TRUMP 2016 ! Always fun to do Howard's show.
I feel likeis the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
I really love reading your books. You should write more books!Thanks!
Congrats to Senator McConnell andKellen Guida on yesterdays successful Tea Party Caucus
the Wall Street Journal believes that China will over take the US in built assets by next year. Question.
Thanks.
True!
do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things?Absolutely!
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
we want you to run again in 2016! You'd be great with picking this country back up again
reading The Midas Touch now, what an amazing source of good information.Thanks.
this is the best vine ever!!! Thank you-another daily change to technology!
Biggest name in real estate!ICON!Thanks!
I wish I had your confidence!WIN, WIN, WIN and you will develop great confidence!
Great interview with Greta!America has lost incentive! Thanks and true.
Why isnot running this country??? He is a genius and gets it.
I cant believe Apple isnt moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
: I know Anthony Weiner and he's a real sick puppy.
I feel likeis the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
Is it time for another season of Celebrity Apprentice yet?!Very soon!
Hey Donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant?ME!
Just amazing!
Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!
Getting ready to leaveand the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!
that's becauseIS THE MAN.Thanks!
how is it even possible to recover from 17Trillion in debt?With GREAT.leadership it is easy!
Wouldn't you agree, that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs? Yes.
give me a good reason why I shouldn't unfollow you Because you can't live without.me or my extreme knowledge!
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.- John Wayne
Great!
They don't have the incentive to move forward- literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. #amen
Isnt it sad that Weiners first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology!
you are always on point with your comments! always real. Thank you Adam.
Wonderful job On the Record! I think you are tops!
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!
. Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black4real.Great Dean, and you will make it!
Great interview Donald. Please run for President in 2016
True!
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.
Happy Anniversary Heidi!
any news on a new celebrity apprentice?Going forward as soon as I get the time to shoot!
what are your thoughts on Weiner's press conference? Wiener is seriously sick and will never change!
I won't wear anything else! You have to look successful to be successful! Thanks for the awesome line!
True!
he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap. That's why it's a big deal.
They put U on SO EARLY! Shows disrespect!No, 7.00 is the best time for morning television.
I'll be richer than you when I reach your age! #DreamBigGREAT, go for it!
Please help this widow who lost her Veteran husband. Please donate even if its a dollar.
Phil Mickelsons final 66 round inwas amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp; a great guy!
If you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
You need to run in 2016!!!Thanks.
I want to be just likewhen I grow up #loveyoudonald #trumpforpresidentGo for it!
will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth!So true!
going to watching Canadian Open this week?Maybe few tour players will visit Trump Toronto!Great!
You have so much confidence. Have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own WIN!
your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! I pray you run!Thanks, we can all use the prayers
are you building a Condo in Manila, Philippines? If so, should I invest?YES-YES.
Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links. Thanks.
I LOVE YOUThanks, and keep up the great work-on to Moscow.
Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, etc.
I remember this episode. Hair still looks great!
Yes!
Thanks.
Uhm, weren't you one of the voices supporting Bush's invasion of Iraq?No
you are my heroThank you!
Gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance Thank you!
As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure
wish they'd name the royal baby after Great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the World!
I wonder if I can get a birthday tweet fromfor my birthday... that would be awesome!
Honestlybeen one of my role models ever since I was 9 years old. I still look up to him and want to meet him
if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say, everything would be better
I will be on ON THE RECORDtonight at 10 pm
Best Twitter Follow! Commentary logical &amp; to the point !Thanks!
#theartofthedeal changed my life. Thank you.Great.
I really do respect your views as a republican!Great.
I remember whensaid #AnthonyWeiner would do this again! Love it!
How about Eliot Spitzer? Will you say the same ?On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO! Eliot is also sick!
Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!
Detroits bankruptcy could just be the startMany municipalities across US are over-leveraged &amp; losing citizens
get it right its carlos danger Even the last name Wiener uses is sick!
anytime the Donald is on is the best time for televisionThanks.
You are awesome! Cant wait for next season of celebrity apprentice.hope you run for president in 2016 Thanks!
You're my role model ever since 6th grade .Work hard Clay.
I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope thatis on the ballot.
According toillegal immigrants favor Dems 8:1 pushing amnesty. Do they have death wish
National Review Online: Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love'
I've been to Shanghai airport and its amazing. We are 3rd world , no direction from our president. SAD
Need more people likein this country who get the job done and don't sugar coat things.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
Remember, Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!
Not when you are running for Mayor!
on the Fresh Prince!! Classic episode
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!10 P.M.
ginrnnr2
...is China economy in a bubble?Only if we want it to be!
Danny Zuker is irrelevant.So true!
Whenspeaks people should listen.Thanks.
On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!
To be a visionary and to be a billionaire, you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.Think Like a Billionaire
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
Is your fued withover?No, it will never end, but she has become totally irrelevant!
you for President!Thanks.
You were very right about Weiner as always.
This is the summer of box office bombs.Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.
Please run for president.. We need a true leader... This country needs a Trump makeover.
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed
Doing Greta tonight ... I bet her husband is pissed at you !Yes, but she is very happy!
How about the UK? Any expansion plans here? #thinkBigYes, big plans!
you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perverted Dated. No, that's talent.
I'll say it again, your tweets are very motivational &amp; inspiring. Thank you so much Thank you.
Morning Donald, from Texas, The Longhorn State. God Bless You.Texas is GREAT!
I can't believe that in 1 week I heavily agree with you again....yikes! Isn't it amazing?
. is back on the DL.The coming suspension will be announced soon by
I hoperuns for president, he is what our country needs to get or economy goingThanks!
I mean really ... Weiner &amp; Spitzer?!? What is New York coming to!!!! Talk about global embarrassment!
people are going to trash you even though you were right! Sickens meThank you, and Wiener will do it again!
Can I get a RT for the Hatzahlah Charity Golf Outing tomorrow at Trump National Colts Neck?
Whyisn't sitting in the Oval Office now is a mystery to me.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. --Albert Einstein
people will someday listen to youI hope it's not too late!
A terrible situation.
Hey Donald, we love you in Florida!Florida is great!
The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
No surprise, serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick pervert. He was sexting a 'young' girl last summer
All I'm asking is forto tweet me.
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their freedom. Our leaders are so stupid!
70 stories over Panama Bay,is the countrys first five star development.A masterpiece
plz run for prez!!! You would win!!!Thanks for the confidence!
Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over.
Is NY so out of touch they would vote in Weiner?In this crazy World, anything is possible!
Great read: Hollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass, he's going Trump fundingvia
jealous of his success ?Sean, don't waste your time on these losers-they have nothing going!
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
Is your war withover with?Who is Danny Zuker?
Happy Birthday!
You have frequently been a great judge of character Very important for success in life Thanks.
Do you think Anthony Weiner deserves a 3rd chance?No.
every major city in the world has one of your buildings, correct? The more I travel, the more I see...
Thanks.
Thanks.
Could happen.
What is your feeling about Rolling Stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover? Boycott!
can I get a Happy 21st birthday wish from you? Huge fan of you and the Apprentice
Thanks.
- Your #Chicago tower really sparked a riverwalk revival! #ThankYouThanks
Some good news for New YorkWeiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the perverts old texts are released.
My honor.
so excited to see the Trump brand coming to vancouver,Canada!! Gonna be awesome for our city!! Huge Welcome
how do you feel about the Rolling Stone Cover hitting stores this weekend?Boycott &amp; cancel subscriptions.
Thanks.
The Art of the Deal is a good introduction.
.Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope. Wrong on Barron!
I hope you will includeas one of the judges for the upcoming Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow
For the disciples of global warming, in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
- just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book Thx.
We all have the capability to read, or sense, what's happening with others. It can often give you the edge (cont)
He was a great friend of mine--loyal guy.
Whose your MVP?Mariano.
.
Thank you for all your support ofGreat new breakthroughs. Fantastic!
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart, brighter days are ahead.
The Art of the Deal.
Ranked nationally intop 100, Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece
Thanks--say hi to Mikey.
Have fun!
Thanks.
The 2013 TrumpPageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.Airing from Crocus City Hall on
Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.Think Big
I just finished reading think like a champion, I loved it... Thanks and good luck.
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.ObamaCare will slow us down even more.Has to be repealed.
Must watchowner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance
. Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.Smart, gorgeous--a really positive force!
Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!
It's the sense of achievement along the way.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!
Many people agree!
can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter?
Thanks.
Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland
Never Give Up gives an overview of projects &amp; problems solved.
Thanks.
Time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever. - Think Big
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it!
My great honor!
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
Great, thanks!
Good luck!
I like being nice to people.
. has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
It is sooo hot in New York today. Just walked past Trump Tower where the door was open. TnxThank you D
Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success.Conrad Hilton
Very nice question, thank you Danny.
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio, Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel
Great read byMexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrants
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Thanks.
. radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp, talented, &amp; great sense of humor. Congratulations.
Sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring I love themThank you!
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
Way to gofor the big donation to the #VAuctionThanks.
Thank you.
. congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare, not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.
You have truly elevated this club to another level. We thank you! Thanks!
Great idea, I will ask her!
Go tonow to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties, shirts and suits.
Why is thecongress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
. . I will be watching . tomorrow. Tell him to keep the money coming my way!
Gotta say #Apprentice is the only reality show I never miss! Consistently flawless programmingThanks.
.Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont)
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get acover.
Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.Dale Carnegie
The Feds pumping is great news in the short term but it cant last forever.Be prudent in your market investing.
I will be ontonight, interview with Bill O'Reilly, onat 8 p.m., repeated at 11 p.m.
I think you are great. Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice starts again! Best show on TV!Thanks!
Congratulations toon winning Athlete of the Year in last nightsLeBron is also a great guy!
Mariano Rivera is one of topof all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
Thanks.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
.is a resolute leader.When he sets a red line, it stands!
Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot Thank you.
Thank you Joselyn.
One thing Ive learned about the press is theyre always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better. - Art of the Deal
Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities - Think Like a Champion
my heroes are eitheror Mark is a great guy (and good golfer).
Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor. - Gen. Ulysses S. Grant
. Good to hear. That's what this article says too. Did you see this? Yes, really nice story!
The most important political office is that of the private citizen. - Justice Louis D. Brandeis
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
InNo Spin Zone re: ObamaCare causing unemployment, negotiating with China &amp; my $5M court win
The Zimmerman trial is over.It is time to move on.While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
Heyhow come no #globalwarming #climatechange talk this week? Heat 10 years ago was far worse!
It seems like#golf course in Scotland is getting great reviews! I really must go!
If u hate Mr Trump, why r u following/commenting on him? I'm a big fan of his!!!
Important editorial by John Faso inSpitzers reckless leadership
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but, most importantly, don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!
You will love it!
Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.Think Big
I read your book: Trump 101 The Way to Success and I absolutely love it. Thanks, good luck!
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!
I find myself respecting you more everyday!! 2016?Thank you.
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPECOPEC continues to rip off hard working American families daily.
finally someone tells it how it is. Agree with you 100%
American league wins!
Great job-you are a terrific player!
I'm hoping the history books read Donald Trump led America out of it's darkest times. Wow, very nice!
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.Why would Russia grant it?Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
Perhaps. Pray for great leadership!
Yes Danielle, a great chance.
wisest of all reporters Thank you!
It truly makes my day to read's tweet responses
please save our country before its too late!! President Trump sounds perfect Thanks.
Love your ties at Macy's. Receive many compliments. -- Thanks, they are amazing!
Give a lot of credit to Miguel Cabrera too..Totally.
Your buildings were used in Tower Heist &amp; The Dark Knight Rises, are they in any other movies?Many!
It's late EST. Having a hard time sleeping? Ur Zimmerman comment was the most intelligent I've seen yet
the man is a legend Very nice!
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali
Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and youll be going in the right direction.Think Like a Champion
Thanks.
All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
Thank you.
Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the topand then work even harder to stay there. -Think Big
mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen. #trump2016True.
the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like youThe haters are losers with no guts!
what do you think about Mike Trout?One of best young players EVER!
Brilliant answer! I think it's the best tweet I have ever read.
Thank you!
on Monday mornings is my favorite because of They are great people!
All red necks &amp; bigots.Actually very smart &amp; a terrific public service-truth!
Thanks Helen
Must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns. Please enjoy yourself while we worry.I wish
Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China, our greatest threatWe are financing our enemy.
I promise.
I don't understand why people hate you. It's crazy to me. People should look up to you. They do!
ViabyTrump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland
has turned the USA into a laughing stock around the world.
Great and thanks.
Went into your hotel on 5th avenue today, it's amazing. #nicejobThanks.
Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. Youll absolutely need them.Midas Touch
i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman caseThank you for being so nice!
Good luck.
Run for president we need someone to stand up china and Russia. They laugh at us now. They do laugh!
If you don't followyou should probably just go home.
How To get Rich. Incredible Book. im trying To Understand deeply That Book.
how much money do u give to charity every year ???Lots!
Thanks.
Interesting!
Thanks.
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice
Had a great time onthis morning.
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton, my portrait by artist William Quigley toppedlist at $60K
&gt;Im a woman...and I better see beauty at a beauty pageant!
Be carefulsexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning.When will new pictures be released?
now after that home run derby performance... Who's your pick to win the all star game tonight? American
How does this make you feel? #BoycottRollingStone Rolling Stone Magazine sucks!
I'm a small business owner in nj..not easy, but you inspire me to try harder and be successful.. thank you..
I wanna do naughty things to uEmelie behave, I am not Eliot Spitzer.
Don't be a fool.
I am not available to be innew movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie
Great!
first time I have ever agreed with youYou must be kidding!
Who would have guessed thatwould be the smartest person on my news feed right now I was always the smartest!
Agree about Rosie. Sad because she is very talented.Actually, she has got no talent at all-ZERO!
Interesting.
True!
ViaDonald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
every played Muirfield?and who's your pick for the Open?Tiger, Phil, Ernie or Justin Rose.
Ross Perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls Mr Trump.
A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.Midas Touch
Who's your Home Run Derby winner?Perhaps Davis!
Sad!
Thanks.
please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again. #TRUMP4PRES
ObamaCare will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised$2.6TIt is not sustainable. (h/t
Eliot Spitzers illegal, frivolous &amp; over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown.
is my favourite person on twitter.Thank you-my honor!
how did you like espn 30/30 on USFL?A total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated DJT.
hey I really love you and you're awesomeThanks Lucy.
the people that don' t like you just wish they were you! I adore you and your beautiful family!Thanks L.
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard.
The Donald... do you sleep?? Sincerely. ..OklahomaNot much.
.Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge
youre awesome!!!Thanks.
I wake up ever day and go to work and pray for this country to get back on track. Wish you would run!
Now A-Rod doesnt even show up to his single-A rehab games.Maybe thewill get lucky andwill suspend A-Rod.
please don't tease us again..run in 2016.....PLEASEI never tease--but thanks!
Thanks!
Do not give up--you will make it!
Think Like a Billionaire. By:A Must-Read.
Run!!! Or this country will turn out like ancient Rome!Perhaps so, not good!
Love him or hate him, you have to admire his genius and candor#keepingitreal.Thank you.
you just won a bleeding heart liberal's respect with that tweet.Great news!
america is falling apart! we need youTrue and true.
Trump: Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country'
is a damn GENIUS ! Thank you.
Myint. on the Zimmerman trial &amp; verdict, courage of the jury and reactions!
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
Just as I predicted, ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
Happy Birthday.
Looking forward to a press conferencetoday aboutonmovie project #roadhard
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your businessso give it a chance to work.Think Like a Champion
what was your bank account lookin like at age 24?Not too great!
--- Call Rosie O'Donnell to help you.She can't help herself - she's sad, angry and pathetic!
your staff couldn't have been better. Absolute pleasure. Thank you.Great!
Amazing Beautiful Place!!Thanks!
True!
how come u only reply to compliments?Because I like nice people far better than the losers and haters.
reading The Art of the Deal again. Excellent revisitGreat!
Next time your in Scotland can we go knock down some windmills ? and save the birds!
I've finally unfollowed I doubt it loser but, if so, you'll be back because you're lonely &amp; admire genius!
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable.
we share a birthday June 14 how about a RT for a huge fan and admirer
Thanks!
THE HILLS TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer, Weiner turning New York into pervert central
Thanks.
It's time for yourreturn!!! When will you make it happen?Ask Vince, we have the all time record!
You use leverage better than anyone!That's what they say!
hey, bring miss universe back to brazil again!That will happen, next up Moscow-November 9.
UK's apprentice is so below par. Sugar is boring to watch. Watch the US version for the real deal.TRUMP!
Great news thatwill be joining Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on
via Donald Trump announces launch of his first Indian project in Pune
Interestingthe last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th
upcoming Miss Universe location - Singapore -- I'm calling it nowThat could happen!
thanks for the books you've written inspires me to take some risks and think big!!Great.
True and thanks!
. visited me atwhat a great guy!
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back? -with her beauty for sure she will
has the realest tweets out there. The man in a great American, and if your not following him your missing out.
Can I get a hello from a UK (England) fan?Hello!
Thanks.
Good luck!
Thank you.
. is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer She visited Ivanka &amp; me at Trump Tower today.
is getting married today and he's a huge fan! Can you give him a RT to celebrate?Good luck!
Can i get a hello for all the Canadians down in Ottawa, Ontario ?Hello Umer, you sound like a great guy!
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
Played the course in May and it's the best course I've played on. Incredible and an absolute joy.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will include Vancouvers first pool bar nightclub &amp; Trump Spa
Can't wait to hearspeak at the PGA Jr. Championship in a couple weeks at his course in Washington DC!Great.
Thanks.
Would you ever return to Toronto? You're very much respected by all over here (including myself) Great City
stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show. Ur name Isn't on the credits! Just profits
Thanks.
Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on
Oh my gosh, that is so sexist ...just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks.Isn't that terrible!
Great!
Interesting.
Sugar is so untalented!True, but he makes me money!
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Your books, especially The Art of the Deal, are masterpieces in business literature. I'm a fan, sir. Thanks.
It was great to meet NYC iconsandtoday! #nyc Great meeting you!
Thanks, it will be great.
Spitzer failed as A.G., failed as Governor in disgrace, and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again!
The best birthday present would be a RT from the2016
Spitzer thinks since Wiener did it - so can he. I hope the good citizens of NYC show both the door.
I thoughtwas a closer... #guessnot I think I'll be listening tohe's a closer
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.Why doesnt he come home then?
1 of the smartest people ever..business ICONThanks.
BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage!
Go vote and supportat That sounds cool!!!
You are a tough #SOB but you have been a game-changer for years. Much respect. Thank you !
Agreed but why are you up so early. Hopefully because you're playing golf like me this morningCorrect!
Must readarticle by Jeffrey Lord: The Ruling Class Liberty Medal
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
I went to Trump Scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife. After you, bet she loved it!
lovefor my mom's birthday!! The best in Virginia!
I took a drive to Trump Scotland last week- what an incredible course your built. Good work, Trump!T
Would it kill you to have a little humility now and then?Probably!
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
Derek Jeters rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a truecaptain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him?Who is Craig Ferguson?
Managed to play some rounds at your course in Scotland. Possibly the best course I've played. Great job, Don.
Thanks!
Via CBSWashDC: 114-Year-Old DC Building a Step Closer to Becoming Trumps Latest Hotel
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?
are there plans to bring miss universe in Manila, Philippines soon?Could happen, great place to be!
gotta love The DonaldThank you Melinda!
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough!
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
Plays a huge role in what kind of a business man I would love to be.I respect him and look up to him.
Wow!
you give me great motivation Mr Trump! You have done amazing things over the years! Now I'm on my way to the top
would the US hand a russian over in similar circumstances?With ease and get nothing for it!
Trumps Menie golf resort enjoys bumper first yearvia
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Thanks!
I bet the Russian leaders wouldn't taunt you...just sayin'They would not!
you're awesome.I like you toooo-thanks!
didn't you have some apartments in Cincinnati at 24?Yes.
. record $200M renovations are on schedule. The hotel remains open for guests, events and conferences.
When they ask me... Who is your role model? I proudly tell them its MrSir what u have achieved is a dream. T
It's time for Trump Care! Trump in 16! Save our country!Our Country needs help and leadership fast.
Real estate is at the core of almost every business, and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.Think Like a Billionaire
New Trump International Scotland was better than advertised.ThanksIt &amp; Royal Dornoch gems.
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch-
what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track?False hope.
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.The Art of The Deal
RTIn my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016.
Thanks.
I would vote for you in a second. Great American that would get this country back on track.Thank you.
In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016 - our country needs you!We sure need somebody-FAST!
I aspire to be likeThe man is a genius.True but thanks!
True and thanks.
With Spitzer &amp; Anthony Weiner running for office, New Yorkis pervert central!Pathetic
How on do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane?Who cares, they caused the crash!
Thanks, it has been amazing!
Thanks.
_ He's a foreign pilot. We couldn't drug test him even if we wanted to!You must be kidding!
Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation, we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy!
Just bought's SUCCESS from Macy's and brought it to Costa Rica. Fantastic product. Go get them!
any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news. YES!
Was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland.
Besides an award winning golf coursefeatures exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula
Thanks--has been great for Scotland.
I wonder ifis going to make any more plane crash jokes? What are you talking about-I never made a joke.
Yeah, blame me moron!
Be sure to check out the new projects
Giving away money!
Mr Trump, pilots fault or the airlines for lack of training ?Probably both!
Thanks.
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
if you were to become president, could you make this country financially successful?Absolutely!
Its Tuesday.How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
your book's doing well in the UK mate. Thanks.
If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them. - Think Big
I'd vote for Mr.Trump every time
Fantastic job bya true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination!AMAZING
Must read editorial co-written byeditor William Kristol &amp;editorKill the Bill
A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.Think Big
True and thanks!
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
we expect you to have some more investments in Turkey,Istanbul Mr. Trump.Love Istanbul!
picked up my 7th Trump tie today!!GREAT!
Thanks.
You are probably correct, I am too honest to be a good politician!
Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #GreatestThanks M.
True.
Just what I needed to hear. Love to be a follower ofYou're amazing Mr Trump!Thanks.
You are correct Eliana!
why don't you invest in the USA since you're the greatest Patriot?I do, big league!
thank you for your investment in the UK Mr trumpThank you!
I'm staying at the Trump hotel in Vegas this week. Let me just say it is amazing! I love it!Thanks!
True!
if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it? Yes!
I cherish your boldness and confidence.....Indeed you are a blessing to your generation......love you sir X
What r u waiting for ?U got my vote ! God knows we need someone to get in there &amp; fix it!Thanks
Via byEXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA
Please run for president, Mr. Trump! The phonies will run the other way!Interesting!
My only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you. Your my idol, my inspiration!Have fun!
Putting on thetie is an essential to my morning routine That's great!
. You know so much about so many things - a true Renaissance Man. #TrumpIn2016So true!-thanks.
my dad played the new Scotland course today, left me a vm, put the Trump course on your list, must play.
Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco!
Thank you.
at least u give a honest opinion Mr trump and correct!
Winners never quit and quitters never win. - Vince Lombardi
Too baddid not allow her interview with to go on another few minuteswould have been interesting
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.They were sheltering him.
- oh wow that course is beautifulThanks.
who is your inspiration? My father!
. Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
and an awesome restaurant!Thanks.
We should not cut any aid to Egypt.Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
Thanks!
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing, RIDICULOUS!
Thank you!
True and thanks!
Trump Chicago, New York, Miami, Vegas, and the list goes on and onThanks!
In anticipation of ObamaCare, part-time jobs are surging &amp; full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce
The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
Trump Organization's first project in India, Trump Towers Pune, will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance
She was great!
Agree stop have a dig a DonaldJTrump and insteadIs to blame Greatest course was built!
um... How the hell do YOU know???Because I'm very smart, dummy!
We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows?
Sept 9, 2013...who will be first? I am surecould be on that list Arsenio will choose!
Thank you.
Isnt it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
the course is magnificent DT ! You can't stop progress!!
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really off.
You said you are tired - say the rest, that you're lazy and dumb!
all accidents should require a drug test.True!
Donnie how does Trump compare to Cosmo in Vegas #AskDonnie Far superior!
please run in 2016! You'd be perfect for America!Thanks!
Just went on a spree at Macy's, four of your fantastic ties and a pinstripe shirt. Great stuff, love it!
The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Pres. Lincoln
I did a great thing for Scotland!
Great!
Thank you!
I've got so much love for So nice, thank you!
Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive. - Think Like a Champion
Don Trump is Gods gift to AmericaThanks Bob.
- Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!
So true!
Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their properties &amp; throwing them into the streets with nothing.
everyone knew he was going to Houston - Bullshit loser, most thought Lakers or Dallas!
why would Howard ever want to play for the loser owner Cuban ?I guess he didn't!
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimportant subject to me, Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston
any advise for battered Paula dean? Her ship has been sinking .. She must get back to work &amp; stop apologizing!
my grandaughter stacey7 is ill with cancer need to raise 500k pls rd hlp &amp; rthttp:
Thank you:-)
Imagine if we all became masters @ having fun while getting things done?
welp. mr trump you won't respond to me so I'm gonna just try to talk to richer people than you.Aren't many!
what Trump landmark can I take my 8 year old to in NYC for his first visit? #bigtrumpfanTrump Tower,5th Ave
are you in Aberdeen just now? How is the course looking?Fantastic!
A bottle of wine, reading:Art of the Deal, jamming Jay Z ....Perfect night!Very cute!
Thats such a clich!! You can do better than that!But it is so true and will never change.
Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
Wish you would host Apprentice UK! Be great to see a REAL business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one
one of my all time favorite episodes of Fresh Prince is the one with#classic
Thank you Becca.
Wrong!
Good idea, will create one.
What is the best way to grow money when not starting with much?Marry a rich person!
Donald, stick to business and politics.I will!
To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?
Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa Wrong, if anything it's worse than I say
where we going???If our leaders don't get nuclear weapons under control, the sharks won't have us to eat!
Mr Donald Trump is one of the most intelligent business men alive.Thank you!
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
any memory of you and Tower Records founder Russ Solomon? A good guy and fine tenant.
you are a very handsome man I know, but the haters and losers never give me credit for that! Too bad.
#iHateTheFactThatserves #sharkfinsoup andcould be a hero and stop it!You like sharks?
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
Why wouldever chooseto discuss the industrial revolution. #facepalmBecause they are smart!
Amazing time in NYC, best city in the world with the best hotel! U made our trip!.. Great.
Good timing for Paula Dean to go public, and lots of lawsuits. Where's her lawyer? Asleep?ASLEEP!
Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4On the agenda, 2013 TrumpPageant in Moscow on 11.9, on
Thanks Christine, very nice!
Is it true Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about AfricaI'm right!
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!
When are you going to buy a pro sports team?Too many other things to do!
if u don't run for President, who would be ur best next choice ??? #CONCERNEDLets see how it plays out.
any idea where Dwight Howard is going?He will.do best in Houston!
What's one advice you'd give to an aspiring entrepreneur?Work hard and love what you do-never give up!
You are awesome, and hopefully enough people realize it when it's time to vote. #Trump2016Thank you!
How do you keep energy high &amp; positive mind when it feels like you're failing in business? Never think failure
But Paula handled it very poorly!
where will Dwight Howard sign? Will he join your pal The best fit for him would be Houston!
any prediction if the NYY will be in 1st again?No, they will not!
Thanks-a great place!
My sonandjust announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
When will we every catch a break ?Only with new and smart leadership!
The Arab Spring is not working out so well-nice name, bad results!
And if you love what you do, it doesn't feel like work!100% true-it's like a vacation!
doesn't show enough compassion to ever really be considered a presidential candidate.I have GREAT comp'--
Please run for President, America needs you and your leadership. I believe you can restore this Country!
Fuck yeah! She SHOULD have to pay!She said some really bad and stupid things.
Was his decision influenced by the No State Tax in Texas?Didn't hurt!
You have a cunty demeanor.True!
Sorry folks, I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry, they will be around long after we are gone.
did u hear about the white throated pintails demise at the hands of the wind turbine?Yes
Im begging.... Please run for President and fix this mess..--and it can be fixed, thanks.
EVERY penny, I live in South Africa, they steal EVERYTHING and ANYTHING!
pitifulWindmills are horrendous-the people of Scotland hate them!
you are such a role model for me! You're the best Mr. Trump. Thank you!
Monnin was given an opportunity I'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! True.
how's progress on the Scottish golf course coming along? #interestedFinished and great.
Stop and frisk works.Instead of criticizingChief Ray Kelly, New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe.
Then why do you follow me like a little puppy, moron?
I just find it hilarious how you screwed Gaddafi.Too bad our Country can't do the same!
Honestly ---&gt;is a model to follow when it comes to the business worldThank you!
up before 7 on a Saturday. That's why you're a winner.Thanks, but.much more because of the.brain!
I'm pretty sure it was like 10M. To turn that into 10B clearly shows he's good!
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.Obama made a mistake.
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!
Judge orders Miss Pennsylvania to pay Donald Trump $5M in defamation case. hits.
How important do you think college is? Especially during these times..Very important
is a fucking genius. TRUE!
Our trade deficit just jumped in May to the second-highest level on record FAIR trade, not free trade. I TOLD YOU.
So true!
I'm in Charlottesville, where is your winery?Right nearby - just ask directions.
you are Never wrong?Never!
Thanks!
should run for president. He'd have my vote. Thanks
You're right, it's beautiful--thanks!
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans #fact2 #kingtrump Thanks.
U R RICH because your #DADDY left U with 400 Million. I only wish my daddy left me 400M loser-Now over 10B
ViaTrumps links getting green
That's great!
Donald Trump, the only man that can be President and make this Country turn a profit for once. Go Trump!
I agree...But what have you done lately?More than ever before!
So true!
. literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started.Wrong!
Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
Thanks Craig.
how much money did Fred leave u to start ur empire? A small fraction of what I've created and built!
Thank you!
Great!
have you ever contributed anything positive to the world? Making yourself rich.Created thousands of jobs
Mark Cuban accepts the fact that the President of the United States was born here. Doubt it
. has continually degradedCatholic Church on the joke he calls a showCatholics should boycott HBO.
I don't understand whywastes his time with fools on TwitterI don't either (I feel sorry for them?).
Wrong, made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance, or do nothing with it-look at stats.
Via WSOC_TV: Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown CharlotteGreat job
Your thoughts on Obama's trip to Africa?A total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million.
To quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! Thank you FredMy father was a great guy and teacher
Located in beautiful Briarcliff, NY,features a 7,291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC
Thank you.
Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.My father, Fred C. Trump
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with them - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser!
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
You have to have a good reason for doing what youre doing because people connect with the why.Midas Touch
Always strive to outdo yourself.Think Big
You are a brilliant Business man! The US needs your skills to become great!! Trump for President.Thank you!
. are making a big mistake sending the dopingto rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
lyin ass niggaWhy does Paula D get destroyed and you can use the N word so freely, asshole?
Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africa?? Crazy!
Trump for President!!! XoSM mosscreativemediagroupThank you Susan!
Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US viaby
I mean Mark Cuban is better with his money than youNot even close, dopey.
when do you expect the course to be finished?November.
I don't getand his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
ViaDonald Trump: I Can Fix America
Instead of attacking me, Ashish J. Thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing Uganda
I am a new independent business owner with ACN and just watched the interview with Darren Hardy...awesome
My question is did MLK Jr. use the 'N' word? No, only Paula Dean used it!
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. --Albert Einstein
So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
Thank you!
Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.Think Like a Champion
don't hate him for being successful. Hate him for being an asshole Actually, I agree with that
A beautiful brilliant daughter True!
Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsis ousterWhen will Obama demand Morsis resignation as he did to Mubarak
Why do you hate so many people?I don't, I love people!
haha you went bankrupt once? thats sad and embarassing I never went bankrupt moron-see Buffett,Kravis,Zell!
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego!
I'll bet he was!
I know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it Thanks.
Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences, world class golf &amp; a beach
You were right back in January when you said Boeing was the stock to buy...Thank you!
It breaks my heart u won't run 4 president and help so many more of us! Lets see what happens!
u should have run for president. our country is in a messMuch bigger than you know!
is a no nonsense man, he means what he says, and does what he intends and sets out to do. I'm a fan of great
Snowden, if youre such a hero then come back home and face justice.In reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain, motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
How much $ did you start with? Not a hater, just trying to get an answer. A tiny fraction of what I have built.
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
.Africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions, less corruption &amp; impunity Ohhh
I wish more people had ur tudeBut they don't.
prove it. And while you're at it, prove your alleged IQ as well. The highest, asshole!
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle
Getting ready to watchon#SmartGuy Will be on 7 A.M.
you could have blown all the money or made it grow.....People are just jealous.Totally true and thank you!
Thank You for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family
Congratulations toon joiningonCrossfire. Show will be excellent!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Churchill
your dad gives good brain?? DamnIt's called genes!
I would stop paying him immediately.
True!
Hope the renovation is going well.Thanks, when finished it will be the best in Country-and going well.
or should I ask mark Cuban to tweet at me since you wont He is boring, and much poorer than me!
Reallyare you sure Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen. Just 97%.
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
why you hateso much?I don't hate him at all.
What would be better than you buying an NBA team and beating Cuban's team on a regular basis?Who cares?
here is a novel idea. How about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country. PERFECTLY STATED!
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - Think Big
true. Always watch the construction close...esp the change orders &amp; field slips. So true,I'm impressed!
Cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so. #Twitter
~ $10BB? Forbes has you at $3BB, what gives? They know nothing about me or my numbers.
RTPleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle!
going to New York for first time in November.Any recommendations which hotel to stay?Trump Int.-1 CPW.
why you take so serious so many stupid tweets, you are the Golden Boy of Real State, all my respects.
We have our annualConference at the Doral October 23-25...will courses be OK to go?Yes
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a wig. Some may not like my hairstyle, but all mine
Fox and.Friends now!
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money!
If you hate him so much then why do you follow him? Because these people are serious losers (&amp; lonley)
They will mostly vote for Dems.
just got to NYC, what's ur best tip to enjoy this amazing city?Go to Trump Tower, 57th. &amp; 5th. Avenue.
What are your thoughts on thisdrama? Paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work!
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with other innovations. - Steve Jobs
would you ever consider opening a hotel in London? I'd certainly stay.Yes!
Thank you.
I bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that moneyI create lots of jobs
Obamas carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated, wildlife killed, incl. bald eagles
what's your favorite book?Trump, The Art of the Deal.
Congratulations toon being signed to co-hostCrossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
why do you need so much? Change some lives, feed some hungryI do, big league!
How do you feel that the central park 5 were innocentInnocent of what-how many people did they mugg?
I dont know Dennis Kozlowski, who made Tyco into a great company &amp; then went to prison, but hes up for parolelet him go!
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
YOU'RE MY HERO!!!! I'm going into business because of you! I'm changing my name to Donald!Cute!
Trust me its been a while we saw an American as a president. i am for Sir Donald
We need to worry about the American worker first!
that's because you are THE DON... Nothing less than perfectThanks-and your baby is beautiful!
made in China! No way! Lead the manufacturing back to USA ! I am working hard to do so!
Thank you.
Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
Thank you!
you gotta start blasting Weiner everyday til he loses!A total pervert Mayor in NYC would be the end!
Have fun!
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.Lao Tzu
we need firm decisive leadership, please consider a presidential bid mr trump. You are very smart!
How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
Overlooking Central Park,brings both glamor and prestige to your Five Diamond hotel stay
Dont be afraid of mistakes. They can belearning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.Think Like a Champion
That's really nice--good luck!
The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
I couldn't be a bigger fan! Love all you do!Thanks Emilee!
Are you really calling for the execution of #Snowden .He is a traitor, absolutely. Others won't follow!
Thanks, it is a beautiful city.
Very sad, isn't it!
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami$200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite!
Ah...I don't watch much popular TV. But I do like The Donald. You're very smart!
Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!
Have fun!
Thanks!
Located in Palm Beach, FL, historic Mar-a-Lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities
Great!
Just got thru reading Time to Get Tough byIt's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election
Thanks.
Excited and honored to be addressingsummit in Iowa this August.
Putin re Snowden issue it is like shearing a pig: theres lots of squealing and little fleece.
Real estate!
Good luck--work hard!
Only 40 hours? (just kidding).
or Ireland?
An answer would not be pretty!
Have fun.
ViaTrump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculation
What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Party groups
There certainly is plenty of evil.
I feel like that last tweet byis gonna be a good one to have on record.Yeah, for me!
Via oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels
Thank you!
Thanks.
Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama!
Another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary waste--horrible!
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets).
Ability is nothing without opportunity. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Played Trump Golf Links Scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! Thank you.
Great!
. was fabulous inlast nightas was the entire cast.
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty billTheir expert opinions should at least be listened to.
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp; others) are killing American business.
Happy Birthday Anthony,
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower, Patrick Kane,for the #StanleyCup win &amp; winning MVP of series.
Looking forward to mysummit visit and speech.
I wouldn't mindas President at all. Just the man we need to get this country going again.Thank you!
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
Yesterday, 15senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
And you're okay with the government spying on you? Must have power to stop terrorists etc.
They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers
Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.Think Like a Champion
how do you find the time? Not easy!
As hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
You are so annoying Thank you, now get a job!
#askdonald what are you most proud of in your life?My children!
Remember, but for Conservatives, Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it, Bush was terrible!
Even liberals &amp; Democrats think Eric Schneidermans use of the Atty Generals office is unfair &amp; unethical.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
Becoming a US citizen is not a right, its a privilege.
Thank you.
ViaOlympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac
you are without a doubt the coolest! Not many people stand up for themselves in today's world!! Thank you.
ObamaCare could eat up your raiseWhy isn't Congress defunding it? They're obsessed with amnesty.
You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
Enjoy your stay!
Situated in the heart of downtown Toronto, the 65 storyoffers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
If you have a hard time communicating, one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience. - Midas Touch
Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
Say what you want abouthe is a brilliant business man.TRUE!
China loved Obamas climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Shining over Fifth Avenue,(a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci.
I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best. You are very smart!
Obamas speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone.
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information. - Think Big
New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinks - check them out!
Go for it!
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
See Charles Gasparinos article in todays NYPost about Eric Schneidermans witch hunt against Republicans
. #Skywire As much credit as he's been given, he wasnt given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
Interesting!
I don't know Donald, but he sure has made our government look foolish!So, who hasn't?
Infuriating that our government buys our flags from China! Such disrespect!
Much better, enjoy it!
Our country needs the same fix-up.
Thank you.
What???has his own NY State Park? This guy is everywhere! It was a gift from me.
Mr. Trump, Im 45 today. Can I get a retweet for luck this year?Good luck!
can't wait for Monday mornings with Mr. Trump on Fox and Friends love to hear his opinion. Agree most times.
Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
Great basketball game going on right now!
I ownbut he has his friends &amp; haters &amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. He cant beat me at anything!
True! And you are one of them - A great investor.Thank you.
Any plans to present in Sydney again? Missed the last one, but heard great things about itYES
Thanks!
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art.
people think of u as a real estate king. Rightly so, however, u r the marketing king as well. Thank you.
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
I don't thnk his acct was hacked he's saying he never twtd &amp; no1 actually saw it only claimed he deleted.
Oh my god the twitter fight betweenand There is no fight withhe is a nobody!
I may not agree with some of his politics, butis a phenomenal business man. So true!
Time to enjoy an amazing day! You were fantastic in winning the U.S. Open. Your father is looking down and proud of you!
Good luck.
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
My people caught the person who committed forgery of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
Myint. on Obama scandals not resonating, no retribution on Benghazi, Obama not being engaged
Receiving thetrophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
Congratulations to Connecticuts Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013America will be well-represented in
Hello Mr. Trump. Long time reader, first time tweeter. How do I deal with bullies?ATTACK OR IGNORE!
moral of this story: guns (when used correctly) save lives! TRUE!
Thank you!
Happy Father's Day to all, even the haters and losers!
I'm sure you didn't. There are a lot of sickos out there!That's for sure!
Welcome to Vancouver! Hope you enjoy your stay.Thanks!
but when you're in a beauty contest ran by, all the contestants are republican. Bad grammar (run).
Good luck.
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
Great to seeback onShe's a wonderful woman and commentator.
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir! Nice
were you listening to Cher's new song?Cher sucks - her song, and music in general, is terrible!
Thanks, I do and will!
is the best person I follow
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thoughtcould happen to anyone!
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
Thanks--it will be great.
. stopped by to say hello.
Happy Father's Day dad! Love you!Thanks Tiffany, I am proud of you!
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
Yes, Apprentice IS better, but world needs to see you on Shark Tank!!!
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.
Young entrepreneursnever back down. Take the hits and get up.Thats what makes a winner.
Congratulations to &amp;on makinglist of 10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent.He was also a decent man.We will all miss him.
It continues to amaze me how losers just can't stand your success, DJ. But success is the best revenge
would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheadsBut The Apprentice is far better!
Thank you, very nice!
A man works construction, is used to loud noise, &amp; can't adapt to noise from a windfarm. Beat EOWDC
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford
I do have to say I went to your timeline and saw you did NOT tweet that! Hope you catch the bastard! DONE
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
Watch the game-really good.
Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent.Always think big!
Great meeting you!
welcome to vancouver . Enjoy your visitThank you.
your business sense is amazing. I hope one of my children grow up to be as successful as youVery nice
. book The Amateur is out in paper back.Lots of insights.
We should stay the hell out of Syria, the rebels are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
Pretty sure the reasonis so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life That helped!
Keep your brand standard in mind, and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.Midas Touch
Hey Donald, just want to say, I'm a huge fan of your books. Your a real inspiration. Thanks!
Thanks.
Frankly, for a writer, I dont thinkstuff is good. In fact, its terrible.
Guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives.
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
Why did I quit followingTwitter is boring without him. I'm back for good!Everybody comes back!
So true.
I appreciate everything you've done in my lifetimeThank you Justin!
rather watch season 7 of #theapprentice
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
John F. Kennedy
my friend and yours Mike San Filippo qualified for the US Sr Open. Mike is a great player-give him congrats!
playing pine hill for pops day.Enjoy it!
Love this pic ofthe beautiful Erin &amp; the one and onlyAmazing show. Great picture, thanks.
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
The crowning momentConneticuts Erin Brady winning2013
All I can say is that if I were President, Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
Putin says Russia cant allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrentU.S. wants to reduceare we crazy?
. does your ego permit you to donate something *without* requiring that your name be on it? State's idea!
The best investors are visionariesthey look beyond the present.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful, Mister.
Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!
HI Chalita Yaemwannang, Miss Universe Thailand 2013 in NC.See you in Moscow.
Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked, James Gandolfini.Sadly, very sick people use my name.
acts childish fighting withvia internet Wrong, he started it and I finished it-he's nothing
Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump.
. &amp;both did a wonderful job hostingEveryone loved&amp;performances!
With the endless amount of ties I buy I can say thecollection is at the top of my list. #quality Thanks.
I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today.Stand strong!
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
Obama arming Syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the US! What would YOU do?Stay out!
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution, not the problem.
Why isnt thecongress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
. has topped Carbon Datas rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EUs emissions trading scheme.
Lightweightis too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information, &amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big
Fathers Day is Sunday. Find the perfect gift.Trump Signature Collection is exclusively available
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
. and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland-
is better thanin a lot of ways, plus Donald has 2million more followers than zuker
A friend of mine went toand sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of
I was checking uponbio, and turns out that tomorrow is his birthday! I admire the guy. Thank you!
if you really thought you could have won, you would have ran.Very bad grammar (run).
Me too, thanks!
Congrats toon winningtheMayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
Looking forward to speaking at Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
. DannyLet your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.Show courage!
sad it has come to this. Clown on TV and selling nail clippers online. Askfor a job?
Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
Challenges present opportunities.Always keep your focus and stay calm.
Hit 4 wood shots to get on that green. Stunning hole and best course in the world!
Now tell the truth.
You have no chance!
The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.Maimonides
I have to say I fave no idea whois but I knowis and he has great hotels #whoiszuckerTRUE.
Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!
Watch Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas.
Work often becomes problem solving.Problems come with the territory, and they should never surprise you. - Think Like a Champion
WHO ON EARTH IS DANNY ZUKER????!!!!A lightweight moron who only gets attention by attacking Trump.
so to tell you Danny boy.....trump is winning it.....as he usually does.Danny is easy!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him D Brinkley
Amazingtried to destroy Aberdeen.
. &amp;1st met at wedding ofwhen Christie was US attorney in the Bush admin.TRUE
The penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you - Viscountess Astor (1879-1964)
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of theon Tim is a winner just like them!
Have fun and thanks.
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
I'd vote for you too! I work for the welfare dept &amp; I've never seen so many people on it. It should not be.
. and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week.Big announcement
Great!
ViabyDonald Trump says This country is going to hell in a handbasket
why didn't you run for this term?I should have, I would have won!
I think you try and make fun ofbecause you're jealous. Try and compare your career to his.
Please Run For President... Be Good To Have A Real Business Man In Office
I've tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! How can it win awards?
Its Thursday.How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
congratulations on building the world's best golf course. Scotland makes us jealous!Thanks Chris.
Thanks and great job!
Danny who?
luv youThat's great!
I can't resist hitting lightweightverbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!
Looking forward to #MissUSA this weekend in Vegas!Great to have our former.Miss Alabama!
Thank you!
. &amp;are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC.will be performing. Tune in!
Please dont pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to diet -- it is a total scam.
Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple, but it works. - Think Like a Billionaire
we need more great Americans like you to make this country strong Thanks for the nice words!
I'm voting forCalls it like it is! #trump2016Very nice Frank - our Country does need leadership.
Just saw the old post office in Washington DC thatis planning to turn into a hotel. It will be gorgeous
2-Day is #CoachLombardi 100th B-Day! Research him &amp; learn how to be a #TrueLeader Great coach!
how come katherine isn't a judge for miss USA???? Because she is friends with Miss Alabama!
I most definitely agree with you. Such an inspiration you are Thanks and work hard and smart!
Hater, Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!
ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneursThank you!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
wow! That was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there. #Trump2016
A round of golf compliments of me: Trump National Golf Club--Los Angeles.
#Trump2016 #zukerisaloser
Thanks Anna.
If anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is U...just do it..build it they will come.
you have an amazing fatherThank you Stu, and Ivanka is a great daughter!
Have a good time, enjoy this great city.
What a great dayw/Can't wait to go back#highlyrecommended. THANKS.
.Sam, you are so pathetic!
. Youre starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldnt take my bet but its (cont)
Thank you.
Still a great time to buy residential property.The courts are holding up foreclosures.Buy directly from the banks.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. - General Douglas MacArthur
Belated congratulations toon winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person!
She will run!
For an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants, as well as other show details, go to
ally my arse U exposed them years ago DT...time 4 U to get in the game...FOR REAL. You have backers...trust me.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?- Great quote from an experienced leader.
.Danny--You're a total loser!
. has panoramic Pacific Ocean views, features a 7,242-yard public course designed by Pete Dye
Ifdropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen, who is (cont)
Thanks!
~ Our prayers are with you, Be well soon ! God bless you Nelson Mandela #Mandela
is that hype or truly the world's best #golf course? It is the World's best golf course!
Dont find fault. Find a remedy.Henry Ford
agreed, he did the crime now he needs to do the time..face the music....Trump For President 2016
I'd vote for you for presidentThank you.
Thanks Matt!
Myinterview on Snowden the traitor, national security and China hacking us
Whao! So good to know that I share the same birthday as my mentorTomorrow's our Birthday!!!!!! Happy birthday!
Thank you.
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.He is escaping justice!
Not very presidential:. Danny--You're a total loser!Perhaps, but 100% true!
I am team&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Thanks Georgia!
2016 platform? China must be stopped from treating the U.S. like a chump, says
Happy birthday Victoria.
ViaTrump's protg earns US Open spot
Your investment in the UK is welcome. Thanks for being you.Thank you!
Thank you.
Whitey Bulgers prosecution starts today.Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.
Does anyone else have two golf prosJohn Nieporte &amp; Jim Hermanwho qualified for the U.S. Open?Could this be an all-time record?
Good luck. If I had known Id have come to shake your hand. Fab job in Aberdeen.
My sonhas just done another great event and raised a lot of money forHe is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open!
is the man! He shows you what can happen when you work hard. #livintheAMERICANdream
This Red Sox fan says let 'em keep paying!Boston.must be very happy!
ASK HIM ABOUT #CP5 CENTRAL PARK 5Yea, ask me about the muggers!
I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!
TRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN 'DEATH WISH'viaby
Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
played trump national Philadelphia yesterday. Great track. Challenging but fair. Keep up the awesome work!!
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanesonmiss it at 8 ET!
26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!
Dress your best. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively availabletops all male business attire
Thank you.
You mean like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Paulson and almost all other bigs-I never went Bankrupt dumb ass!
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World.
Wrong you idiot!
Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie.
I will definitely be there again soon! Save me a nice table with a lovely east view! :D
You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships.
Didn't he just loose to Michelle Bachmann? .Never lost to Michelle - dummy, are you crazy!
Thank you.
Kern County, CA has secured $1.2B for windfarmsThey also just secured more eagle deaths &amp; low property values.
Remember Trump ties &amp; shirtsfor Fathers Day--your father will love you even more!
Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
Thanks.
Viaby Courtney Coren: Trump: China Gets Iraq Oil; US Gets Nothing
Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!
I feel bad for allemployees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.
seen you speak at Charlotte Nc (ACN) that was awesome!Thank you, a great audience.
Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.Think Big
Wish your mother a happy birthday.
When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
my inspiration.
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong, who is being sued by everyone in the world, &amp; Michael Douglas.
Thanks, very proud of it.
Newsstand sales forrun by sleepy Graydon Carter, are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants!
Totally!
what's the secret to all your success?Always need good and sound concepts and ideas-THEN, NEVER GIVE UP!
Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?Go check your facts.
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!
Our clubhouse on the North Sea.
when you die in 4 or 5 years, the world will be a better place.I know, I will make it that way!
Somerset County, New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people!
Thanks, 57th and Fifth.
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
I agree thank Mr trump fantastic golf in the UK you have built
. int. on gov. collecting data, whistle blower hiding in China &amp; no bikinis in Miss World pageant
Thank you!
Oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous!
ViabyU.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotel
So true!
I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
I patiently await for Mr. Trump to throw the towel in the ring ! He will never be beaten by anyone !
Thank you Mr. Trump, I appreciate all of the support you have given me. I hope you can come watch.
Thank you, very nice.
...but we're paying Lois Lerner.Very cute!
They should have stopped paying him a long time ago.
Lots and yes.
would be the greatest president of all time
A-Rod has disgraced the blessedorganization, lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J.Trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price
Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Followto see which causes are financed daily
Hi. please run for president and make the world a better place. Thanks.
Via @ TheScotsman: Donald Trump to lay out new golf course plan
Happy Birthday!
Don't be a chump. Win with TRUMP!
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. - Babe Ruth
The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money.
I'll have to go to Macy's at tje Bridgewater mall in NJ and shop on this rainy day. Have 7 of ur ties. Luv them
But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price.
I also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now!
Thank you John!
Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief Great investigative work by Jim Hoft
I'm Puerto Rican and I agree with this. We need to stop trying to be so politically correct.
China is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including MexicoAlly?
Thanks tofor putting on such a great concert fotJohn was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.
According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
played National Bedminster today. Not sure what to say beside spectacular course and even better service
Shirts and ties are doing great
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes onmiss it at 8 ET!
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral.
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
Inspiration exists, but it must find you working. -- Pablo Picasso
Vote for your favoritecontestant --- the 2013 #MissUSA Fan Vote at!
Congratulations to Jim Herman, my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster, NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open!
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
Thanks, just really busy!
Worry destroys focus.Think Big
Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms, top dining &amp; amenities
This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman
Thanks Brandon.
ViaRobb Report: Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World
That is true.
Thanks.
Mrignores Latinos can not be the # 1 Love Latinos, just look at Trump National Doral in Miami.
played your course today in Aberdeen!! amazing, best course I've ever seen.Thanks.
Today, Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago.The case is now officially over
I love your honesty! #YourNotFired lolThank you.
Is business success a natural talent? I think its a combination of aptitude, work and luck.Think Like a Champion
hey Donald huge fan, can't wait for another season of the apprenticeThanks.
The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny. -
Thanks Paul.
i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school Great school
Surprising a future Nobel prize winner on todays
The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq
You look so FORCEFUL on you're book cover! That's what we, America's women, admire about you.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report.
I love me someexcept when he's going against our president.. but business wise.I Admire himUnderstand!
Congrats tofor being voted 'Best Twitter Account to follow by The Open Mick Podcast. #YouveMadeIt
Thanks Mallory!
Loving the Trump in LV. Service is great, best room for the money!(500sq/ft, great bath and shower, tons of closet space).
Find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. Then work hard and keep focused. Good luck!
Thanks.
Myinterview re: 2016, the need for leadership in our country, Syria &amp; China hacking our military
has Aberdeen said thank you yet? #youvebeentrumpedNo.
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!
Thanks, but I receive from U.K. also.
do you remember my grandfather Hon. Frank J. Blangiardo? Great guy.
Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself.The Art of the Deal
. will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides, they smartly just left the project.
Thank you.
Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short, fast and direct. - Think Like a Champion
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!
Ms. Goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!
Trump Chicago is the best hotel in the world. Sitting in Rebar with a fabulous view! #thankyou
Thank you to the Robb Report, The Best of the Best issue, for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World!
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us.
. continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty
The architectural boat tour is great.
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!
You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!
Thank you!
Thanks.
I love you Mr TrumpThanks Samantha.
. has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.He deserves to be in the
You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie!
Which one?
The Donald is the only reason I tweet!Thanks lauri!
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
Thanks, but I don't feel like it--work too hard!
ViaDonald Trump Eyes 2016 by
Spent some time at Trump Hollywood this weekend. Absolutely stunning &amp; the staff were awesome Mr. Thanks
I'll bet you had a great son.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big. ~ Donald Trump #lovethedonald
Happy 8th Anniversary to Way to go Mr.Trump! Great beauty-person!
might be a lil late, but much respect to you for giving100G for his charity He's.great, thanks!
A Massive fan from Australia. How can I buy your ties?? #wantthetrumpfeelingThanks, at Macy's-Trump Tower.
Little Mac Millers next album may bomb.He cant use my name again for sales.
I pride myself on being obstinate, stubborn, &amp; tough.I think those are important qualities found in successful people.Think Big
Pres. Obama is meeting with Chinas Pres. this weekHe will get zero deliverables. China laughs at us.
DRILL BABY DRILL. North Dakota's economy is booming.
10% of the people pay 90% of this countries tax. What wealthy tax breaks.
.renovations arerevitalizing Miami. The new course will be a great challenge
Just had lunch at the Trump Towers! Classy taste Mr. Trump! Even my son thought it was awesome!
Pretty much!
Dying magazine.
FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bikevia
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda IslamistsSyria is NOT our problem.
is my role model, he's always right.No, just most of the time!
You're exactly what America needs Mr. TrumpThanks!
Thank you!
Thanks Heather, and you do a great job on FOX!
Saludos desde Mexico! I really do admire youThank you!
One of the many reasons thatdropped out of windfarm projectthey couldnt solve military radar defense problems
Maybe Shulman is having an affair with someone in the White House. He looks a little gay.
Never Ignore Donald Trumpby Jeffrey Lord
No.
My friend during the tripHope you liked it!
#Apprentice I can't wait either. LOve the show!Thanks.
70 stories above Panama Bay,the majestic sail design is Central Americas architectural icon
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp; R&amp;D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough
Why arn't u in politics Donald..?I am!
.when are one of your courses going to host a major? That's what often makes them great.2017.
Very cool, thank you.
Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up!
Thanks Matt.
True--I am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy!
ViaTrump: Americans 'Desperate for Leadership'
Hi Sara--have a great time!
Just got a great new selection of ties &amp; shirts Go buy them now for Fathers Daytheyre beautiful!
I look up to you Mr Trump. I wsnt to be like you when I grow up. Can I get a reply?
Thanks, great building!
Thanks!
Hi Joanna.
You are a true American, not like some of these others. Love your Macy's ties!!! Love your books!thanks
correct me if I'm wrong but didnt you givecharity 20k?Yes, 20k plus 100k for great cause!
Good luck!
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
Enjoy!
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses!
if you run for president I will vote for the first time ever, I would finally believe in someone
Donald will always be one of Howard's greatest guests.So true!
See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet!
what do you think about italy?I don't think about Italy!
they do the same with can't carry Howard's jock!
What was Bush and Obama's biggest mistake.The lives and $1.5 trillion spent on Iraq-which is failing.
If you would run for President, you will either fix this country or have millions wishing they'd've voted4U
Thanks.
It's called climate change. No, they changed it to climate change when global warming wasn't working anymore-too cold!
you would make this country great again if you ran for president No, only if I WON-then it would be great again
Thewould never haveon. A.) Not funny enough. B.) Not famous enough. C) Hates losers.
Happy birthday!
Thanks, people love them (
has a much higher IQ than idiot Lord Sugar- that's why he has much more money!True on both fronts!
Thanks!
OK gotta go. You're not going anywhere Danny, you're being beaten so badly that you can't take it anymore-enjoy your chair!
Thank you for the times you invited vets to Maralago. You didn't have to do that, so thanks. It was my honor!
the fact that you keep tweeting at him is showing why you lostTrue, Danny is a known loser!
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City,soars 92 levels over the Chicago River
Furthermore, as we continue to send our assets to foreigners we will become a 3rd world country.Must stop
sort out so that The Apprentice USA is on BBC again, so much better than Alan Sugar!
Why do so many people despise you?Because I am so handsome!
I say trump for president, can I get a Hell Yes, USA would be the greatest nation on the planetAGAIIN
It's 46 (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called scientists that we want global warming right now!
people hate you because they are jealous of you and in reality they don't hate you, they hate themselves!
John Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union?
I genuinely believe that the American apprentice is better than the UK one...Very true!
what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at 40? Work hard and love what you do!
What are you doing with Old Post Office in Washingtondc and when?We are going to build the finest hotel in C!
you're a role model to millions, we love you Mr. TrumpThanks Mohamed.
Yes!
No, the project sucks!
how are you a billionaire?You mean ten times over hater (loser).
congrats on winning the lawsuit in Chicago Thanks
Well, that explains why I have no desire to read that garbage!
how come you don't like Alan sugar Donald?Because he's a lowlife, but he makes me money!
bring Cash, Jobs, and Hope back to America and run for president!!Not much hope in our Country right now
It's freezing outside, where the hell is global warming??
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supportingemployees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
I love you. You are HILARIOUS.But what abouthe gets paid to be funny?
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursdays episode ofwith
Thanks Chris!
as if you would ever be president!! Some of your followers are pure RETARDS! Don't underestimate their genius
. lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco, has dropped outproject not economically viable--&amp; protestors hate it.
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - Milton Friedman
I would love a tweet back from the uber-famousHow do you do it all? I often ask myself that same Q!
Inflation is here.Record beef prices are hitting consumers pocketsBad for family grills.
RT. awarded Trump Vineyards Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine V.
a plus for run at the presidency: can work w/unions. The American Spirit is down and out. Change is needed.
congrats on winning in Chicago! People think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. Thanks.
I hope you folks are followingthis weekend as he dismantlesFriend of Danny sorry, he died!
RTIn case you missed it, check outstory about&amp;
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give it up hatershas#TheEnd #Perfection
Read this garbage by&amp; you'll see why sales WAY down-lost its way-sad!
U.S.A. is not rich, owes 17 trillion dollars.
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
did you help?YES!
Yes.
you're the worst personThank you!
Additionally, two executivesare under major investigation &amp; they are unable to get the many permits necessary.
-- Work hard and love what you do! -- I left corporate, became a fireman at 37.GREAT!
we are looking forward to the renaissance &amp; transformation of the Old Post Office in DC GREAT
Looking forward to seeing more idiots blasted today. Keep exposing the fools! #TrumpUSA
I'm in the Billion Dollar coalfields and thanks to Obama I can't even leave the house I'm so broke.
Thanks.
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
No, beautiful and really sweet and nice.
4 more years of hell until a new president comes into office. I wish it was you.
Never give up on yourself.Think Big
your an awesome roll model. Can you please tweet me back? Thanks
run for president in 2016 so I can vote for you! You would have this country fixed in a month!
I sure wishedwould do a live tweet for tweet special onandThey would get better ratings
. Best 2013 Golf Courses: Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Great honor, great magazinethanks!
pls hlp my grandaughter stacey7 she has cancer &amp; we need to raise 500k for treatment outside uk.
Donald sir, played your course on Friday and let me tell you this, it was spectacular. Good work!Thanks!
can I get a RT forin NY. Saving lots of animals.
Fight hard, they are horrible!
Yes.
Donal J. Trump is a good Presidential candidate - he has answers. Thanks, very nice!
Who would be stupid enough to invest inill-conceived windfarm when it will lose 25M yearly?
But I knowand think he would do really well-tough, smart and a good guy!
Via Trump researching 2016 run
Mr. Trump, what do you believe could truly save this country?Great leadership!
I pray he does well,&amp; the 10 yr old girl on the list, gets law changd &amp; gets her new lung as well.
Yes you can for country's good.
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Make d move
A donor was found! James goes into the OR tonight for his second double lung transplant! #hope
been a big fan since I read Art of Deal when I was 22.Great!
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; This is the same douche that said windmills were worse for birds than oil. MUCH WORSE!
You are the sum of everything I despise.Who cares!
That's what I hear.
People can hate onall they want, but in reality he's flying his jet over your fucking house as you tweet
your the greatest inspiration. Keep up the great work and thank you for all you do. Thank you Virgil!
I stay up to watch your great Apprentice show - miles ahead of Sugar's version. No comparison!
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
suddenly I was just motivated with Donald Trump, without any reason.
Thank you for all you do!!! Thank you!
You think america will be great again? Only with great and proper leadership-otherwise, disaster.
Iraq was a mistake but how was Obama responsible?He should have and could have gotten out much sooner!
I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett, Icahn, Kravis and Paulson - as you know!
You're nuts, go get a job.
You are kicking ass, Donald! That Dany Zilker (some no namer) is a PUNK!He's nothing, no guts!
i hear ya Mr. Trump, but arguing with the left is like punching yourself in the face, a pointless endeavor.
: Bill Mahr beat you clown!Wrong, Bill (whose last name you spelled wrong) doesn't know he's alive!
No, just the opposite, lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)!
Danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?
Just killing time!
Wrong, totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck!
Why did you go to Wharton did you not get into Harvard?Wharton is better for business than Harvard!
RTIt should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification. Say it again!
Let me ask you something: Do you think Henry Ford or Steve Jobs got into Twitter pissing matches. Would have
real name, real DP, real location. bring it.But nobody cares about you, not even your family!
Are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be.
whoa.....what are they so mad about? #KeepCalmDon't worry, it's just the same old losers and haters!
The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words You're fired!?
Totally wrong dopey.
I do, thanks.
In your planning, know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager
Thanks Jimmy.
Watching the finale. Can't wait for the next season. #TrumpRulesThanks and enjoy.
no ones scared of you donaldYou are very wrong!
Do you have the guts to debate Jon Stewart?He would never do it, he couldn't use his writers.
I have to be honest. I think I'm starting not to like the guy. Actually Danny, you would like me very much!
Thanks, Country is in trouble.
Wrong!
Yes, I loved loved loved doingshow. I loved it all, every minute. I'd do it again.
Lol! RT. You've been popular with ladies for a while. What's your secret handsome?My hair!
It's As I said, I've never heard of you before!
It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!
I'm all for #Donald trump Thanks, he is easy!
are you ready for the deal?
Remember,, you are not even the real boss of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you!
it's hilarious to see all these dumbasses hating on you. I bet it feels good to laugh at them.
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012, once in SeptemberBut Obama just learned through news reports?
Mr Trump for presidentThanks D.
says exactly what he thinks. Lol This is one of the reasons I follow this man! He's the best!Thanks K.
shut up u stuck up cock! Hope u lose ur cash and get run overToo smart to lose the cash-run over, maybe
The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words You're fired!?He will be using them often &amp; soon!
Thanks Gary, it was great having you on the show, may your foundation spend the money well.
People do business with those people they like and trust. - Ralph J. Roberts, Founder of Comcast
who is?Actually, a nobody!
Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but I'll be baaaaack!
is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live. It is impossible to think otherwise.Very nice, thanks!
I was just told by a television pro thayis one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!
Thoroughly enjoyed watchingandtwitter fight. At least Danny has the better hair. He's bald!
Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons!
Please Make it happen, Let us Help You Win!Thanks!
Lol. What is going on? Why isthreatening you?He's afraid to use his real name-too costly!
go fuck yourself you dumb fuck When was the last time you had a date-such terrible language (&amp; picture).
Does an IQ of 60 count as being smart? No, sadly you are very dumb-but probably born that way.
CA is the best i rather loose my inheritance then have to watch the dreadful Modern Family on ABC
Thanks.
Enjoying readingknocking the shit out ofSorry hater, he's getting his ass kicked!
Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now.
Mr Trump why do you engage these dumb ass people? You're SO much better then any of them! FUN!
If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything, I'd have been sunk before I got started. - Think Like a Champion
I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are!
Noit's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny, you can do it!
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!
Come on Danny, are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful, I'm really good at deals).
Ifcompeted against me and.won (which not too many people do), he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity!
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper thanCome on Danny, make the bet!
I never heard ofuntil his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him!
Thank you, I was dealing with a very bad person!
I have to admitmotivates the hell out of me. #smallbiz #leaderThat's great, go get 'em!
And dumb people like
Well, thanks so much.Penn, it was great having you, terrific job!
Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!
during your inaugural address tell Obama You're Fired!Stranger things have happened!
you tell em Donny!! What pussies!!
Sir, we need an efficient government and I'm sure as a businessman, you're great at it .True!
Nobody does the Twitter thing quite likeThat man engages his critics like nobody I've seen before.T.
Donald doesn't take shit from anyone, run for president already #americaInteresting!
Just out of curiosity, what makes you care so much about what they think?I study cowards and stupid people
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country, will be the best!
. I'll never respond to your asinine bet. You're gutless Danny, and you don't even know what the bet is-loser!
born on flag day?? See you were meant to be president!!I guess that's.right!
winsis afraid of you and knows he is a pathetic loser. Mr. Trump, you are a role model.
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
I know you don't like to hear thisbut the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far bigger than the biggest nights of Mod Fam
You are awesome! Run for president.Well, we sure do need someone to lead - Washington is a MESS!
everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal.
Give them hell Don! They're just jealous!Stupid is an even better word.
are you ready for the deal?
Bigger means bigger dummy, you really are stupid, aren't you!
please please run for presidentWell, it ain't working with Obama!
Thank you for all you do for the #troops! May God bless all of our #Veterans this Memorial Day! Thanks.
ViaTrump wins at trial, calls woman suing him 'horrible human being'
Thanks!
on your best day you can't come close to beating me, I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss).
Another racist remark by you, Danny, are you a racist?
Hey Donald I always find it funny that so many of your haters follow you on twitter. Can't live without me!
Did we ever get to the details of the deal?No, Danny doesn't have the guts to play the game.
Must read article byAnthony Weiner is a twit who treats women like dirt
It will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen!Great weekend!
Looking forward to being guest of honor at Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.
Come ontake the bet, show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not chicken shit
yes you're a republican and smart. Now that's what we need to run this country! We sure need better than current
what a great wave you ride. without people like you the world would be years behind where we are. Thank you!
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it!
Thank you.
ViaDonald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan), draws record-breaking crowd
Keep figthing, don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life!
Your books and your record is an inspiration to think bigger and do more. Thanks Chris:-)
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doingtonight. I wish everyone well!
Thanks, Professor Trump.Dr John Trump, uncle, for many years at M.I.T. -good genes, I get it!
She should sue her attorneys They knew she wasn't going to win with a binding contract.
We are so grateful for the Red Cross in OK today!! Thank you to Trace and to Mr. Trump!
Dennis--you were great--thanks!
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
Thanks Joannah, they are sad and lost people.
True!
i hate those non food restaurants!Graydon's food sucks, worst in town!
Anthony Wiener couldn't pass a background check to be a police officer what makes him qualified to be Mayor???
PLEASE run for president in 2016 I will vote for you hands downOur Country needs help, and fast!
how do you deal with haters?Laugh at them!
Pay attention and have fun.
What a great hotel!! I have stayed there twice, love it more and more every time.
apparently you think you're funnier as well.Actually I do, and I don't have writers!
In addition to ripping me off.
Hi Amy, see you soon.
Wind power is inefficient and a hazard to the environment.
why people who are your haters feel they have to talk to you or follow you?They are sick and mentally weak!
Thanks Van--so true.
I agree! She tried to ruin the good old Trump brand! You can not let her get away with it.TRUE!
courage big bossAlways!
Thank you for hosting CelebApp to raise $$ for Charities likeworking in OK now. Kudos 2
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants.
See you later.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. - Golda Meir
I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp; comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great.
ViaDonald Trump speaks in Novi, drawing largest crowd in Oakland County Republican Party's history
Thank you! (I think)
True
AWESOME DONALD, YOU RULE!Thanks, I loved being in Michigan!
Thanks.
like your golf course, which they fought tooth and nail! And it's setting records, thanks!
Good timing:won big for American Red Cross last night onNow the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.
What do you think of Mac Miller? Went platinum with Donald Trump song, 80 million hits, without my approval!
You are powerless online, and powerless in real life Why do you follow.me moron!
No, YOU hate wind power as YOU think it'll mess with YOUR golf course. That's true also!
Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil, carbon, et al.True!
Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails
The so called 87 year old lady was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.
Big mistake! Wrong decision byin #theapprentice - you need to take advice from
The standing O that LilJon received whengave his charity $100k was so moving. Love celebrity apprentice!
Thanks Tanja
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.
Congratulations on win in Chicago today.Thank you, this woman played the age card and made up a story.
Thanks--and great job, David--what a great evening.
Excited to speak at tomorrow night'sLincoln Day dinner in MichiganAll time sales record, over 2000.
Thanks, I had a great time.
Here ya go. Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil, carbon.
what's your beef with Stevie Wynn? I have none, he is a friend of mine!
So true Mike.
I can't believewould renew Graydon Carter's contract......
It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing.
as a 16 year old who can vote in 2016, I'd LOVE to make u my 1st vote. Run for president!So cute and nice.
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong - Think Big
Take a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market-
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
such great things have come from this show-see it working in OKC #redcross
One season ends and another starts.Already casting for the nextGreat news for charity--$13 million so far.
That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!
Isnt it amazing that Obama never knew about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
Amazinglyis going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
The Scots LOVE their wind power.No, they hate that it is ruining their land (which it is).
I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser!
Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obamas IRS.
Sorry, Graydon Carter is a major loser, just ask his wife!
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)
Awesome! I'm from Michigan.Thanks-the crowd was great and I loved making that speech!
Hello Dawn.
If the great Si Newhouse were still runninghe would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking.
Not even close dummy, he is strictly small time.
True, they are being decimated.
is it true that it was your idea for Steve to name his company Wynn, or is that urban legend?I helped
has a much higher IQ than idiot John Stewart That's true, and by a lot.
Mrs. Goldberg, who filed the Chicago case many years ago, is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.
Yes, you can't allow people to scam you &amp; rip you off.
you're a huge douche for picking Penn. I hope you Retweet this. I picked Trace, not Penn - are you drugged
They are dummies!
. could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants.
.is one of the top media outlets in the country.has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
Happy Birthday!
That sounds great--a bad woman.
Counter sue for your loss of time if you want, but it might be easier to let it go~ Glad you won.. And had justice~
Mr. Trump, Even though I'm not a Republican, I wrote your name on my ballot during the election. A wise move
Read this &amp; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes.
Turbines in US have killed many bald eagles w/o penalities.
Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsendis smart enough to fire Graydon Carter, who only cares about his bad food restaurants
Congrats Mr. Trump. Frivolous lawsuits are a BIG problem in this country and issue should be addressed
Shelly Kulwin says your a lyin' dog Mr. Trump. Shelly Kulwin is a really bad lawyer who lost big today(fool)
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
she trusted you, her mistake, you beat her out of her 500K, She was mean and trusted no-one. You're easy to beat!
why are you suing an old lady?Because she is rich and owes me money - I am not stupid!
When isgoing to finally get his own talk show? He would absolutely DESTROY the competition!Thanks-time!
Sir you just made me cry when you gavethat 100,000 that is why U ROCK! Thanks, the show was fun!
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.
S/O TO MY MAN....#SALUTE Thanks Mike.
I'm kinda hoping thatandbecome the first father-daughter US President duo in American history CUTE
Much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail.
Only in your weak mind!
i can't wait til ur president the world will be a better place If I ran and won, so true (&amp; thanks)!
Enviro friendly? AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles, birds despite federal laws
This Sundays LIVE FINALE ofwill be tough &amp; nasty. Be sure to watch&amp;fight to the finish!
It was my honor, you're a great guy &amp; your mother would be very proud of you.
Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them
Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice
Rather amazing, wasn't it!
I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!
dont agree with your politics, but respect your heart. Great gift to Lil John. Well done, sir. I undetstand, T
Ok. Ben--Congratulations on your graduation--and good luck!
Congratulations Mr. Trump on the best Celebrity Apprentice yet. You did a remarkable job as always. Thsnks
shut up he's a lord what are you ?I've always heard that titles can be easily bought-is this so?
Congratulations to my friendon1,000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going!
Obama put up nothing, zilch!
But they are the folks I like the best - by far!
But his hair is real!So is mine, asshole!
It's easy, just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy!
I love that you speak whatever's on your mind. That is true courage. Living your truth.
Thanks.
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet.
there should be an All Star NBA No-Tattoo Team....would there be anyone available?
Thanks, only the haters disagree!
.&amp; Ithank our loyal fans for another great season of
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
Is that Zuker character still giving u a hard time? He isn't qualified to shine your shoes! ANOTHER DOPE!
Not gonna lie, teared up a little whengave 100k tofor his charity.
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
Thanks.
Thanks.
Here in Brazil, we set up a group to see the final of the Apprentice live. Hug and more Success for you
best moment of night when u gave 100 grand to Lil' John's charity.
The LIVE FINALE ofis this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?
Congrats on raising $13 million total for charity. Best Live Finale ever!! Looking forward to next season.
Thanks, very nice.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
I don't, he makes me money!
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!
Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so politically correct or we won't have a Country to run anymore!
#BEST SHOW=HARD TOO TOPThanks
wonderful gesture to lil Jon, best celeb apprentice yet! Thanks for a great show Mr. Trump!Thanks
something big and different tonight? Are you going to fire Penn and Trace, crown yourself The Apprentice?
The cast for next season looks really good!
Amazing show! Much laughter and tears of joy! Thank you
Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.
Good to see you also - I will be watching!
And much better thanshow!TRUE &amp; THANKS.
I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season.
needs to run for President! He would be the best leader!Thanks Mike.
Thanks Lee!
On that I would beat almost everyone!
In other words, our military has a very big problem!
what's it like to be Donald Trump?Believe it or not, it ain't easy!
The sexual abuse that is so rampant has, according to generals, greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it.
. is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
Was glued to all season one of my favouritesGreat ending Amazing show! Thx Sir.Thank you.
We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement It is a disaster.
Bob Costas is one of the smartest people I've interviewed. #CNNBut you told me I was the smartest (by far)!
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late!
I just saw the finale. Your act of kindness was total class. I've been a fan but I now love you Mr. Trump.
You did run. And you had your ass handed you. Never ran stupid, but I wish I had-would have W
Way less - and you are soooo stupid!
Tell your aunt she is terrific!
Give us an anticipation of it, please.! Veni Vidi Vici.!You must see what happens at the very beginniing 9PM
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners!From beginning over $13 million for charity.
the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king Cute
Thanks!
Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form, always do!
still in awe of what u did for lil Jon !!! Best night of good TV in years!!! God bless
do you like LeBron as a player and person? LeBron is a great player and a great guy!
Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR!
You are a genuine compassionate man. Loved the show last night. Thanks Peggy.
was a great show best yet congrats
Im from England, and you're way better then that Alan Sugar...whoever he is
How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
Andreminds me of my Grandpa -the smartest man I know.Wow, great!
love the phrase the harder I work, the luckier I get great book Donald
Do you see President Obama surviving these scandals ?Sadly yes, but he will never be the same!
Many generals and military leaders are now saying I told you so!They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec.
Everyone should go see Great documentary showcasinglegacy.
Very nice Denise, thank you.
. the winner ofafter last night's victory-
People love #CelebApprentice
Just inall efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failedin fact, the stoppers have become the abusers.
Congratulations on a great show &amp; season! It is wonderful how much money was raised for Charities.
Thanks Dave.
your tweets are awesome and an inspiration. #Trump2016Thanks.
Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know, he works for me!
Great, enjoy the hotel.
Yes.
Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
cause there wouldn't be any scandals if you were in office..TRUE-and no stupidity!
Thanks Andrew.
Just went on a Donald J Trump necktie buying spree. Fantastic quality and design.At Macy's and thanks!
I never get y people hateso much?coz they r not as succesful as him? #trump #theapprenticeThanks M!
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!
I own a fitness business all over the the Bay Area on CA. Sohas been a HUGE motivator.
is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television, The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show, S T.
time for you to instruct the BBC to replace him, he has the personality of a tea bag
Thanks Andrew!
. public golf course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, an elite attraction
Do what you love, work hard, keep your focus and your momentum intact. Good luck!
Myint. on IRS targeting Tea Party, the Benghazi death scandal &amp;v.finale
Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power. -- Benjamin Disraeli
Go for it.
is a great American a role model to many read all of his books been a fan since he was in wwe a great guy
is a role model for how to be successful. I've been a fan since Art of the Dealcame out in paperback.
ObamaCare is already done. HHS Sec. Sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation
Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength!
Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!
Thanks Sam, and it's doing great!
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy, he would be hopeless in a debate with me!
can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money, so I'm happy)
If you real Art of the Deal, you'd know that Donald did it all on his own.
Happy Birthday!
It helped!
Every time I read a chapter it gives me a push and brings positive energy to my life. Think big
it's great to have u in the game of golf, ur courses r all great, first class operations in great condition
Mr. Trump; some of these losers just don't get it. They need to look at why your on top.
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
Thanks.
Thanks!
Thanks, no wonder our Country isin such trouble!
.clearly needs to run for president! Don't think anyone else can get us on the right track but him!
, i'm a Big Fan But Sometimes You just Need To Shut Up,you Talk Too MuchProbably true, but I'm having fun!
Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
i never seen apprentice or shark tank am i a fat loser?No, just a loser!
Never judge someone by their job title. Youd be surprised at the talents people can have.Midas Touch
is the man!is the best show on TV!Thanks!
GREAT playing, you are the best!
please say it isn't so and Apprentice is not cancelledThanks and sleep well tonight!
Not too many around!
If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won.
Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline.
Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi, IRS, wiretapping of
I have turned family and friends into #Apprentice fans. Nothing better
hows this 4 gratitude 4saving their neck?Kuwait Airways 2 spend near $3B on 25 Airbus jets.
Its always great to be in business with Donald Trump, saidpresident Emilio Romano.
That would be great Philip!
Thanks Patti.
This Sundays LIVE FINALE ofputsagainstWatch two great competitors battle to win!
Successconsists of going from failure to failure without loss ofenthusiasm. -
WinstonChurchill
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!
Your man, little Jon S(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
Donald, would you ever appear as a guest if asked on #REDEYEwith????Yes.
Great way to almost end the week. Tv night on the deck with my fav simply red TRUMP wine TRUE!
Hadn't even heard of 'the benefactor' til Donald mentioned it. Big fail.. Donald wins the TV war.
Watchingon NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!
The lady in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500, 000 and is sophisticated&amp; vicious. She made up a story &amp; plays the age card - bad!
My mother has such a crush on you. She beat breast cancer this past year. Can I request a RT for my hero.Love
Thanks Michael.
Thanks and true!
and how many people died on Bush and Cheneys watch? Talk about that. I was never a fan, lots of mistakes.
The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.Pres. Ronald Reagan
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!
True!
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in T.V. history.
Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star.This Sundays LIVE Finale ofis a historic matchup.MUST SEE TV!
I have not run it for many years, I sold it a long time ago (great deal, great timing). When I owned it, a top place!
Think big is the most amazing book I have ever read.
Perhaps so!
Really terrible and a sad day for our Country!
- when are you going to announce your bid for 2016??Thanks for your nice thoughts-our Country is a mess!
Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog!
RT played Trump national in Los Angeles yesterday. What an amazing place. THANKS!
True and thanks.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
. is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp; top facilities
What are your thoughts on Sergio?A great guy!
To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing.- Think BIG
. once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprenticeGreat job!
. did amazing on #CelebApprentice Raising over $505K forshe made it to the Final Four.Congrats Lisa.
Have fun #1.
The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot!
Very true!
This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
The real shark tank is the boardroom on!
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died.
saw some of your testimony today, you ran circles around the prosecutor!Thanks.
Thank you for Fund Anything Mr. Trump you know how to help people in all the right ways. With hope
Best part of my Monday morning commuteon Thanks David!
Your first guest has to bewould be epic! First guest for what?
32 in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
damn you really like gettingfired up to squash you like a bug huh? He doesn't have the strength!
Much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious SOB out there. And I think you're great!Wow!
YOU WIN ON TV SHOWS HANDS DOWN YOU ARE A SUCCESSFUL PERSON ...... I LOVE ALL THE SHOWS U HAVE COME UP WITH
Thanks!
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
Do you ever take the high road? When I'm dealing with garbage likeSugar, NO!
Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!
If they're unreported, how do you know there's 26,000 of them?Reported tonight by all major newscasts.
I'm pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second. Sorry, no-one else can satisfy her!
Visitatto see my picks! #FundAnything
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!
Still waiting for the apology on the birth certificate thing.You must be kidding joker!
You are 100% correct - thank you!
The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower forThe place was happy and packed!
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. - Albert Einstein
I'm giving away money- go to. Take it from me! Proud of the #FundAnything team.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. -- Bruce Lee
For all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp; rape in the military, (cont)
LeightweightSugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy
Do people ever call you Donny?YES.
Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance &amp; planning to grow.
ViaDonald Trump gets into crowdfunding#FundAnything
See my picks atat and giving away money!!! #FundAnything
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be.
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
Nowis also concerned about ObamaCare along with Program may fold through its own doing.
. is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.
I wish you'd spend more time building people up rather than tearing them down. I only tear down losers.
Mr Trump, do you support the death penalty?YES!
which internet test told you this i would like to Match Wits With The TrumpsterYou wouldn't have a chance!
I dont care for Stewart but do you ever shut up?I never give up!
I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!
Trumprenovations are on schedule.With such a massive project underway, I am watching closely.
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
I watchedthis AM re:&amp; dating. She looks terrific, better than ever, any guy would be lucky to be with her.
how does it feel to have 2.1 million followersGreat-like owning The New York Times without the lo$$es! .
We continue to lose our nations finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
mark Sanford just won his house seat back so maybe Jodi can run against Hillary in 2016
. And yet he refuses to release his IQ results to the public. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING, MR. TRUMP. Ask Obama!
No investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless Vattenfall pit. They totally gave up
Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon.
Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much, much bigger show!
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!
just been walking behind you boss! Liking the golf course and hotel in general! #Miami #DoralWill be great!
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
Not even close - he is just, as you know, a very bad copy (who I profit from).
Very nice, thanks!
Thanks Chris!
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
. Is there nothing that u don't pretend to be an expert at?No, absolutely nothing!
Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
do you ever go to the isle of Lewis?Yes, great place-my wonderful mother was born there!
Any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 2.1mil followers?No,I'm too cheap!
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything
lol.. Justice for Travis It shows that the legal system is still intact-good news!
U were right Jodi arias should Have listened to uThanks, but I'm glad she didn't.
Why are you giving away money this am?Because so many people need help!
Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for North Africa command communications
you do realize thathas raised MILLIONS for great charities, right? #celebapprenticeYES!
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope!
Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be!
Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!
I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
Is that why youve filed for bankruptcy numerous times? I never filed for bankruptcy asshole!
Myint. on Benghazi cover up, the ObamaCare mess &amp; firing on
. who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carryjock.
Go on his show and teach him how its done! No joke writers.He is soft and easy.
Sadly, firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant, but lopping off a branch can save a tree.
The only thing I ever watch on TV is's All Star Celebrity Apprentice. #truestory
Just ck how many followers have each follower.But I notice you follow loser-boredom without Trump!
People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.
Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!Now, will it be life or death?
That's cool, I agree!
Thanks.
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. - Peter Drucker
Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline, but it prepares you for a new beginning. Think Like a Champion
is definitely the best personality I follow on twitter. Inspiration and role model all together!
I'd bet my life savings Obama has a higher IQ than youYou would lose!
Would you rather have a 3rd Obama term or make out with Rosie??I'll take the third term!
She could share an apartment with Casey Anthony!Very witty but not very funny!
Myint. discussing business difficulties with ObamaCare &amp; how it is stopping businesses from hiring
WooHoo! Have lived in Doral for 14 years and city is excited for Trump upgrades! WELCOME! Thanks!
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
what do you think ofI don't think of Bill Maher - and nobody else does either.
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together?
and there's a move afoot to have women in combat arms if its happening now what do you think will happen then
And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!
but Jon Stewart has a much higher IQ.Wrong, Jon Stewart(?) is an obnoxious lightweight with a lower I.Q.
Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head.
Super happy to #unsubscribenow that his asinine election antics are over. Then don't talk, do it asshole!
I only watchonce a week to watchApprentice.Great!
Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium.
. discussing NYPD Chief Kellys great record &amp; the launch of the crowdfunding site
Thanks Sonny!
You do more good just commenting on Twitter than most haters do their whole lives
26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).
Remember that one time you came to? That was cool of you - thanks!I loved it - GREAT SCHOOL!
I gave away money. Go toto see how I'm helping people. #FundAnything #Entrepreneurs
#GiveBack
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
Thank you for being an inspiration for people like me! YOU define SUCCESS! THANK YOU! Very nice-thanks
Just watched speaches from #cpacanddid greatThank you!
Via'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC, CBS &amp; NBC for its Second Hour from 10-11 p.m.
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
That hair is a hot mess &amp; shows he gas no class or style! Yea, you're a real beauty!
Amazing how the haters &amp; losers keep tweeting the name F**kface Von Clownstick like they are so original &amp; like no one else is doing it...
Maybewas right about his course being better than Quail HollowTrump National-Charlotte is better than Q.H.
True!
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
Whats funny about the name F**kface Von Clownstick -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.
ViaonTrumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia
#celebrityapprentice is the absolute best show on television. THANKS!
Congrats on all your success! You are a great role model! Thanks!
So true; from the 2 Best of all time Ruth and Trump.Really cool!
.replacedonto increase ratings. Its a shame Chris are even worse. Sad to see.
sarcasm dummy!
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone I said so. You my BFFThanks Joanne!
Great idea - did you see their list, a joke!
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)
. is the last lady standing in All Star CelebrityWatch out men, shes sharp and tough.
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
NBC terminates The Chris Matthews Show
It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebritytask will separate the winners from the losers.
Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one dayYES!
As Ive said many times before, Jon Stewartis highly overrated.
Good point!
Where Fred Christ Trump (father of The Donald) started THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. Never saw-Really great
These poor guys were PROVEN INNOCENT!Oh really,weren't these poor guys mugging other people in Park?
Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans?
Ever going to return to WWE and have your $$$ fall down from the sky?Up to Vince M.
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
Small man. Large ego.No, large man 6'3. Large ego!
See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines-
Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day
Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the voted me #1 on the power 100 list in NY......
All-Star Celebrityis down to the five final contestants.Getting fired now is when it really hurts!
- Jordan is great!
My wife, Melania, will be ontoday @ 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Mothers Daycall in!
Jodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL!
If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp; legit, why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage!
Thanks.
celebrity apprentice tonight! Final two? Penn &amp; Little John, that's my guess..Watch what happens,9 P.M.
Did you ever think you would have a TV series outside of R.E.?Never!
No doubt thewould have been a better president than Obama TRUE!
Why do you follow me creepy stalker?
Thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation. We need more leaders like you!Thanks
They're going to make you theirperson of the year in attempt to silence you.They are not smart enough to do that
your show ratings are off the charts why do others fail to get it right?Because they don't want to!
....... I disagree, but it's still cool.
Benghazi was a massive cover up.
IT'S AMAZING HOW YOU KEEP YOUR SUCCESS GOING THIS FAR KEEP IT UP !!Thanks!
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!
I never knew but thanks for the compliment!
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity. JFK
excellent service #DoralThanld.
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B.This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.
Obamas goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off, by over 910,000 $100B of our money wasted!
A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police, detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case
Always get even. When you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.Think Big
Unlike you, stupid, I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int.
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
if you run for president in 2016, I hope you talk about your success instead of hiding it. No doubt!
Jon Stewart calls you F**ckface Von Clownstick. What's that all about? He's an overrated asshole-total phoney
I've been a fan of yours for almost 25 yearsWow, great!
Remember whenwas going to sue you?I can't sue him-my shirts and ties are doing great at Macy's!
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ &amp; others)
Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.Ideally it should be $25.Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better. --Rev.
I love you Thanks!
love you. Need people like you running this country instead of the idiots now in#failed Thanks!
What happened to turn the other cheek?Sorry, not a believer!
Stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
I may strongly disagree withpolitics but he makes one hell of a dress shirtAt a great price at Macy's
The people of Scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. See Press and Journal-
Trump Int'l Puerto Rico spreads luxury residences, a world class golf resort &amp; beach club across 1,000 acres
Most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning The Art of the Deal
Looking forward to being the guest of honor at Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington, DC
Trump Making GOP SpeechIs 2016 in the Cards?via
is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs!Thanks Justin and work hard!
Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!
You see, this man right here has me as his number one fan forever! Inspirational, Real, a Success!Thanks
class act there donald. How dare u call this beautiful women these names. You said beautiful?
Dont let the fear of striking out hold you back.Babe Ruth
I don't understand the trolls that follow celebrities to curse them out on a daily basis. #getalife. LOSERS!
Work really hard &amp; think smart!
Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?
Jon Stewartis a total phony he should cherish his pastnot run from it.
How much money can you stand to lose? Thats how much risk you should assume.Think Like a Billionaire
ViaDonald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi
Fracking poses ZERO health risks In fact, it increases our national security by making us energy independent.
sure you do! Celebrity Apprentice is nothing without Trumps influence. True and thanks!
what is your favorite book that you have authored?Art of the Deal!
. was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrityviewers loved her.
When you get bored with others, you'll be back (and don't hurry).
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets
Calltoday on at 5 PM EST, say hello, and buy buy buy!
Going tothis weekend to getties! What's your favorite color Mr. Trump?Blue but all are great!
Gary Busey cracks me up! He definitely has a different outlook on life! Thanks for The Apprentice! Nice
love your show!!!Thanks.
. Don't lie,was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie!
if its good enough for The Donald it should be ok for me Directly on Pacific
bought a Trump shirt for a wedding I went to last fall, I looked awesome.I'll bet you did!
. I hear your filmography is stacked with failures.
someone needs to fire!He will fire himself-a total loser!
Next yearshould be the comedian at the White House Correspondents dinner. The only problem is that...
Great photo withandfrom this week's
Marble mouthasks why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor? BORING TOM
Maybeshould stick to words... vs. barking. Hes got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprentice
Wake up Donald, the world is awaiting your wisdom .I know, such a burden.
real joke is your misleading ads that were deemed so.All politics-windfarms are in big trouble-I will win!
I agree, Modern Family sucks!
Photo from a recent episode of- saying those two famous words!
I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job.,
Your clothing line is excellent.Thanks.
I bought one of your ties at Macy's as a gift. Loved it and it was hard to choose just one. Nice designs - Thanks
Wrong, screen is too small-Samsung size is better.
Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!
. feels hes been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice
would ever have a loser likeon the apprentice? His stupidity could be funny. Interesting!
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
that punk's jealous of ya mr. trumpis not worth the time of day! He prolly wants media attn-True!
Mr Trump! I'm from South Africa and I just love your tweets!! You're the best!Thanks.
Thanks.
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Dangvhas been too good. No, too easy-Danny is a dummy!
it is truly disgusting to see the wind farms here in Iowa - destroying our farmland and wildlife.
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice
Seriously wonder if you like Chinese people? Not talking about its gov.I really like the Chinese people.
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!
One hit wonderI notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it!
Sunday 9pm-11pm on NBC is the best TV of the week...Love the show Mr Trump #CelebApprenticeThanks!
Keep dreaming!
We have the Final Sixandis the last remaining member of Team Power. Hes done a great job. #CelebApprentice
Not only is your IQ somewhere between Barack Obama and G.W.Bush...but you're entertaining!Much higher than both
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V.came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC(Yankee Stadium)
Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts, ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price.
You need to write another Time to Get Tough Book. It'll be another new york times best seller. GOOD IDEA!
I love you and I think you're funny.Sooooo sweet, thanks!
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice
. is the poor man's left wingno ratings)!
we need to get the unemployed back to work.That is a big part of the answer!
You are a very wise man Mr. T! Love your tweets.Thanks.
Thank you!
Thanks!
bush was ur boyWrong!
Night loser!
Just left news conference atwithpeople love
gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice. Your GREAT!!!So are you!
Failed showseason 1 ofhad 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
Do you thinkwill be able to step up as PM?I knowis hoping so. #CelebApprentice
I have a lot ofstock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen...
Love you and love the show!! :)Thanks S!
HeresShe &amp;make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice
Seeingface makes my Sunday night wonderfulThanks Krista!
What did you think ofmechanical dog idea?
Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic.9 on NBC.
Failed showI have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!
Happy birthday!
2.1 Mil. Followers vs.189 Thous.is WINNING! #GreaterInfluence He has nothing
. Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz, once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!
Team Power+ Spielberg?Lets find out. #CelebApprentice
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.
It'snight. Can't wait! Great Jeff - a full two hours, 9 P.M. on NBC.
. I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog.has latched on and wont let go. #CelebApprentice
9?.Thanks.
Just out-was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
TheWhite House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess thats because I didnt attend(even...
Id rather support The Don than some clown. Just saying. Danny, you are a clown.Yes and loser!
Thanks!
. saysis a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice
Once againhas competed at a very high level on Celebrity All StarHe is a great competitor.
Dopey, I've won them all.
Have you ever respectfully disagreed with someone?No!
when will people wake up and realize Trump was one of Bush's biggest critics! Blind people!TRUE!
is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster!
. doesnt need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprentice
Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy.I now tell people it is a great time to buy
trump hotels are the best!!!I AGREE AND THANKS!
Thanks!
is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
Are we going to hear more buseyisms tonight on ?Yes, big time!
Great taste!
Great memory#CelebApprentice
You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing!
.Season 13, still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump!
Im SO ready for an awesome #allstartonight! Bring it
you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy!t.That is true!
1/5 households is on food stampsWe must do better. Americans need to have a work ethic.
I mean seriously come on, Donald Trump is the coolest guy ever.Thanks, but easy against the losers!
I just senta check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it.
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?
look at the facts..those millions were made into billions by Mr. Trump. And its still growing! TRUE!
. is rightPlan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice
is my favorite twitter accountThanks!
Dream large, take chargeTrue-do it!
What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?
Weiner says many more pictures may be out therethis is just what NYC needs, a pervert Mayor.
Maybe Obama?
A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland!
Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me!
go on the daily show then and prove yourself. I would triple his ratings-nice no.
I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions.
MUST READ ARTICLE: Immigration reform could be bonanza for DemocratsAre the&amp;suicidal?
Wow, so nice! Thanks, I wish I could have met him.
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfillfire hazard!
.had no answers at demonstration last night. Its a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.
I love it when you are on Letterman. You keep him on his toes. Hope you are on his show again soon. I WILL BE!
I never went bankrupt, you dope!
Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military, China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers
Does Bushs library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Roberts ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!
Wow!
Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.Think Like a Champion
Study your area of business. All business involves risk, but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what youre doing.
True!
I will, thanks!
Can andcontinue to co-exist? Find out on this Sundays Celebrity All-Star
Much can be done and it would be easy!
Looking forward to watching him destroy you again while we all laugh. He wouldn't have a chance!
Police records, signed confessions and more?
One day I will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream (and become) BIG!Great going Janie!
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog.
you're my idolThanks.
My 17th bday is tomorrow :D plzzzz will u retweet me...Happy B-day!
is responding so... I remember meeting him when i was a valet at #Trump National in NJ before it opened. Wow
Big fan Mr. Trump, always have been. Keep up the good workThanks Woody!
can a future business man get a follow back or favorite or reply from his biggest role model!Hello Sal
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills.
Very true!
No!
Donald 4 president.. Time 4 a real change!! #Gotmyvote THANK YOU!
. doesnt have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!
Just as I predicted, Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos The war was a waste. China is taking all the oil.
what would you feel about Jeb Bush running for president in 2016? The last thing we need is another Bush!
No, you're overrated.By who, a moron lile you!
Thanks.
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament withsee same hairstyle!
I hear the billions calling my name, you'll be hearing about me in a few years. #waterturbinetopower Great!
Very cool!
To be in charge, you have to take responsibility, you have to instill confidence. Its like being a conductor--set the tempo.
Pervert Alert! Serial sexterhas promised to use twitter as a tool. Parents,make sure your children have him blocked.
Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp; a Brinks guard...
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
You aRe my favoUrite! Someday U Could be prez. How About a rt Good luck.
when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think successWow!
Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!
This Sundays All-Star Celebrityfeatures the return of Sunday at 9 PM on2 hours.
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station.
ViaTrumps $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approval
You are so stupid!
Only a moron would overrate him! He's overrated, and morons don't make more than 9 billion $'s.
True!
No, they have no guts.
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...
Often times being innovative is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful &amp; expect success.
Thanks.
Get ready for fireworks &amp;face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity
...What is wrong with this story? Isnt this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin
wow! What a nice comment......thank you!But 100 per cent true-and you will get great ratings tonight!
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.No more Bushes!
Thanks, everyone loves it.
So true.
Are you still scared ofTrump?Nobody is scared of Mark-he is a short ball hitter!
Once againdoes a great job on Fox News w/ Greta. Run for president! RT I'm a huge fan!!! Thank you!
If you were a Golf Professional where in the world would you set up your business? Doral in Miami.
Wow, Im at 2,200,000followers but Id love to get rid of the haters &amp; loserstheyre such a waste of time!
be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!(FOX).
True and thanks!
Thanks.
Do as I say, not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity
House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare.Instead Leadership is funding it
best advice my great uncle Egon Dumler ever gave you??Invest in real estate-Egon was a great lawyer &amp; guy.
The Boston terrorist thugs mother is also a radical.I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.
That is true!
That is true.
Shut up Trump I'm unfollowing youGreat, but you won't stop loser-you have no control!
The most over-rated person on the planet, Donald J. Trump. Except by himself. Why do you follow loser?
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004.
Looking forward to addressing 'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th
do like Mexico? Yes, but they make a fortune off the U.S.Their leaders are far better negotiators than ours.
is one of my role models. Thanks!
deserves to be President of the United States of AmericaThanks John, we need someone Really good (great).
- Hey, Mr. Trump, do you like Canada?? Love Canada and its people!
. continues to defend the billions it pissed away on green energy failuresYour money was wasted.
Thanks--the haters &amp; losers know that too.
Ignorance is inexcusable; its the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
True, but the losers don't know that--thanks.
Work hard!
The aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.- Steve Jobs
I certainly did--in spades.
up nice and early cuz money never sleeps!!!!That's great - go get 'em!
When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen. - J. P. Morgan
enjoying a great evening at Trump Toronto! That's great, have fun!
Its freezing in New Yorkwhere the hell is global warming?
Los Angeles or Scotland!
so should the makers of this documentary be fired? No, but they should state the true facts-no angels!
The dyingcirculation has dropped &amp; its newsstand sales have plummeted by 20.1 percent
Ive always been a fan of Steve Jobs, especially after watching Apple stock collapse w/out himbut the yacht he built is truly ugly.
Advertising Standards Authority has ruledanti-windfarm ad misleading. Political ruling to save joker Salmond
. did a great job on All Star Celebrity Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
In three years people wont be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp; totally destroy the environment in which they sit.
. dont worry, my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate!
That's true--they all ask!
the point of the documentary is that they were innocent - they were attacking innocent people in the Park!,
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
. has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp; just hit platinum with his Donald Trump songscrew you Mac!
It was great to haveveterans George Ross andback in the boardroom.#CelebApprentice
Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these innocent boys were doing?
Savannah, work hard in school!
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Do executives atknow that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp; ratings?is #19 on cableSad.
Great!
... And now Ur an expert on gun control ... Is there anything Ur not an expert on? No!
how do you really feel about Mac Miller?He used my name without my permission and song became a Great hit
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place!
Didn't some other guy admit to actually committing this brutal crime? Yes, but they committed other attacks!
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
Why dont you just get in there and run for President? you got all our votesThanks!
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
I'm finally all caught up w #celebapprentice #loveitloveitGreat!
Yes!
they were wildin, they were creating a nuisance..and they were viciously attacking and robbing people?
Myinterview on &amp; my surprising TV career
Sorry to hearwas dead last, in the gutter, in their Boston bombing coverage
Why don't you just block the morons that try annoy you? They make me feel even smarter-not worth the effort!
Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
but they didn't do it you wished death on innocent children - who were brutally attacking people in Park!
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardondont give it to him, Mr. Presidenthang tough!
As everybody knows, but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a wig. My hair may not be perfect but its mine.
. int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty,great work &amp; firing Brande Roderick
Great wife!
like ugly, bird killing wind turbines!
this season of the appentance is great Thanks!
Sen.has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare, Baucus now says its a huge train wreck.
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy IranChina loves it!
the fucking truth we need our jobs back! That won't happen without new leadership!
In light of Boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
Grew up in family business at a time when passion &amp; competitiveness were the norm. We have lost that Trump drive
They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprahas I predicted, everybody is suing him, hell have nothing left
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
Watch out. Championreturns to the Boardroom as a judge in this weeks All-Star CelebrityDon't cross her!
RTTrump: 'Is the Boston Killer Eligible for Obama Care to Bring Him Back to Health?'
Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
See Trump Tower!
. survives another week of All Star CelebrityGary is shifty and playing to win.
i'm about one more tweet away from unfollowingand following Mac Miller.You'll be bored and back very fast!
Jon Stewart is MUCH smarter than you. Jon L isn't even close!
What other attacks?Read the transcripts etc.
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon StewartWho, by the way, is totally overrated.
but then there would be no celebrity apprentice... I would die without it!!And so would others!
: Mr Trump, I personally enjoy your tweets! Some are very informative! Thank you for your words of wisdom!
Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble!I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it).
They devalue everything, stupid!
Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!
The Central Park Five documentarywas a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
No, the Chinese will make them!
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
Please run for president, Jon Stewart would destroy you!Jon (L) is not smart enough!
Great!
Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
Macy's ships to Canada! Just go to:
Sexting Perverthas returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately!
Thanks!
trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the US. freeing up the market.Thanks
makes me laugh. I'm so glad I found him on Twitter. I'll always be a fan! #Trumptastic Thanks!
This past Sundays All-Star Celebritycontinued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!
Thank you.
No melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. On the contrary increased ice in Antarctica
Jon Stewart is not a match, Go Mr Trump.Thanks, I will.
The big problem for littleis that hes going to have to have another hit song, not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
- you are the best- ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read Thanks Adam!
The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp; packedreally cool to see &amp; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built.
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
Where is the evidence ? All over the place!
Willbe fully clothed in his mayoral ads?
this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike Tyson? Oh, I guess I'm not a racist!
I have on the sharpest blue Trump tie on today. Going to win! Go get 'em!
I'm sorry you feel terrorists deserve to enjoy the just system setup by the united states. You are nuts!
lol ur delusional. He's got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig!! Wrong dummy-no.contest!
you r the most honest and real person on twitter. Twitter was invented for Trump! Thanks, very nice!
Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. - Gen. George S. Patton
Happy Birthday Mark.
If your enemies end up liking you its because they beat you.You want their respect, not their friendship.
Advertising Standards Authority has ruledanti-windfarm ad misleadingNot misleading, very truthful!
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp;faulty thinking on the Lockerbie bomber the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
I know you wear mainly Brioni ties. That's wrong, I wear Trump ties that are sold at Macy's.
i firmly believe thatis the most superior troll on the whole of twitter. that is all.A great compliment!
Actually the first of many Trump ties because of look, feel, quality
North Carolinas most exclusive club,featuresdesigned golf course, which fronts the biggest lake in NC
Maybe Anthony Weiner can serve as editor in chief! But thenwould become X-rated!
. and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice
I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties.
Great going!
Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen!
For you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
. is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help already #CelebApprentice
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!
Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities.Think Like A Champion
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.
Withand crew at the start of a new
That's great!
Sorry,the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also, fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S.
Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
Another great shot from the beginning of construction at
what a great fragrance success is. Love the sentiment and it lasts all day. Thanks Donald No, thanks
What house makes your cologne? I'm going to Macy's to get a few of your ties and cologne! The best! Thanks!
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice
I just watched the #youvebeentrumped documentary. It was a one-sided piece of garbage-a total disgrace!
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals, remember the killings-maimings
Me, by a lot!
Donald - they are top notch, I have a dozen or so #QualityThanks, people love them!
Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster).
I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense
What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice
do you try to make everything about you?YES!
I hate when the news media, so afraid to offend anyone, always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as the suspect.
Thanks!
I love when you get your Haters all twisted up. You would make another gazillion $ as a comedian #love you!
you're not really smart Mr. Trump, you're an F-ing genius! I.Q. tests confirm!
Lots of commentsDo you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others?
Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life, Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show!
Seems like the teams are surprised whencomes back. #CelebApprentice
how do u feel about Marco Rubio?Drinks too much water!
If he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit. RT.He is white dummy! What have you been taking!
Tell the victims and their families about this guy's rights.Terrible!
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbersbeyond my wildest thoughts! Thanksand the rest of the losers for mentions!
what good will killing him/her do? He'll never kill again-and others will start to think about consequences!
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas ofand#CelebApprentice
It's saddens me to know someone so moronic can become so rich.Perhaps I'm really smart?
Great!
just a playboy
. should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting!
Tell me, what were they doing in the Park, playing checkers?
your family is inspiring - rags to riches in three generations. God Bless America. Thanks Megan!
George has a real twinkle about him saysReally? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice
Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
don't forget George W Bush, too. It's all his fault No Republican hit Bush as hard as I did!
this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existenceYou are too kind!
how did u feel Bout Mitt??Very nice guy but just didn't resonate with the voters!
Looking forward tobook of Buseyisms!
has a lot of haters. Not haters, losers!
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice
Can you tell me if there is any retail outlets in Canada that sell your Apparel Will get back to you!
. isnt excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice
You've got it mixed up.Chechnya is not the Czech Republic.
Get ALL the info,then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind.
South African Tourism North America will unveil its new ad campaign Whats Your BIG 5? on All-Starthis Sunday.
The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass
#TBT Withalmost 35 years ago-
You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!
Sir, will you be bringing the caddy service in-house at Doral, or sticking with a contractor?In house!
in my opinion you are the best human being ever! I like that better-thank you!
You are, quite literally, the worst human being ever. Thank you!
Pervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City.
George Ross could be right would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice
These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout.
I don't think the haters or losers bother Donald one bit haha. Do they affect you in anyway? No!
You are a terrible human being.That's only because you don't know me!
Mr. Trump? How can people hate such a brilliant person?It is hard to believe, isn't it! (Thanks).
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say, speak to my lawyers.
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms, legs and worse!
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
Great sportscaster Al Michaels, a friend of mine, played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National, LA. He was in perfect shape!
Being tough doesnt mean being nasty, difficult, or unreasonable. It means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up.
Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill.
its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place. Oh, I see, it's my fault!
You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
Thepolice &amp; others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape?
What wasgreatest accomplishment this week? Employing thousands of people!
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. Hes a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice
Everybody lovesHes a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!
I say if Obama is so set on universal background checks, we run a background check on him. Very interesting
. Many people dislikebut the man is the man and I can't lie.So true!
You need to run for President and get this country back on the right track! Trump 2016Thank you!
Love your ties Donald! They are quality and I own many! #menswear Thank you!
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
Getting ready for Brian Williams to publicly humilateon national television again.Brian is not smart enough
If my little girl was old enough for Twitter, I *would want* her to be able to follow you. Smart parent!
I love you! Run for president and save this country!!!! #trumpforpresidentIt needs saving!
Oh no, they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?t
How stressed areandalready? #CelebApprentice
David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine -- nobody could bring it back like David!
. presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40,000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell hes very pleased about that--&amp; rightly so.
Myinterview re:pregnancy, my grandchildren, Obama's 18% tax rate &amp; Obamacare
.RT
You'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck.
His opponent should not agree to any debates as I am sure he is a master.Re me?Thanks!
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!
is definitely a legend. A real man among men.Thanks Doug, I like you tooooo!
ViaRatings Sunday 'Family Guy' &amp; 'The Simpsons' Down, 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' Up
Thank you.
Great to seewin big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were allfans.
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
if he had gone, you would have criticized him for leaving the Boston issue unresloved Wrong!
Its very sad that the administration isnt sending anyone to Margaret Thatchers funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter.
Trump does not own the hotel. He just licensed him name out for it. Wrong, I own the hotel!
Druggie A-Rod,biggest fraud, is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us. would have voided his contract.
Amazing!Watchfans take over National Anthem during pregame ceremonies
. must have the lowest IQ on televisionnow telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
.andwith -- Great shot!
Well, I would make America great again.
RTThe Trump Hotel Waikiki looks like a lovely resort #Hawaii
I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.
Thanks.
ya because mark Cuban is an arrogant punk compared to Donald who's a living legend Thanks!
I wish someday i would be like you! You're my inspiration! Keep up the good work. Thanks!
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views,is the top luxury public golf course in the country
You will love it!
Thank you.
Great!
Had a fantastic time at yesterdays All-Starpress conference within
could you run for president ? We need you!We need someone!
I highly recommend you followif you don't already. The man's a genius. Thank you!
Obamas $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare &amp; green cronyism &amp; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half
We need someone!
Interesting and true.
Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast!
ha! Cuban got lucky. Trump is a genius. Hope to see you at the top one day sir.Great, hopefully soon!
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where youre coming from.
Despite firingin last night's All Star CelebrityStephen had strong overall performance this season
[THE] top luxury public golf course in the country Thank you!
Thank you.
I know Adam--he's a great player &amp; great guy!
Yes.
Flattery!
The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerrys trip to China.He got nothing, gave them everything and promised even more.
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.
Great, thanks.
When you die the world will be betterVery nice - you sound like a really wonderful person!
Starting to follow the Donald has been one of my better decisions lately That's great!
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.And as we have learned from ObamaCare, Washington only makes things worse!
Prez shows more anger about US Senate not passing guns bill than he does about the Boston bombing. Interesting!
.
will be happy--she's also a great person.
would you mind retweeting this flier please. You could help me save 4 year old Jayden's life! Go Jayden!
ViaClimate changing for global warming journalists by Lawrence Solomon (cont)
staying at Doral tonight. Can't wait to see it after the Trump renovationsIt will be amazing!
What is the most important lesson you've learned in business? Never give up!
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog.
Great!
it is an amazing place! Will be playing there in a tournament June 3 can't wait!Win!
Cuban could buy and sell Trump 2x!!Wrong moron, the opposite times 4.
Everyone loveshere she is withand me.
LOLss. I wonder if the false info comes from hate OR just lack of knowledge.Hate
Thank you.
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor.Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.
I'd sayis a legendI work too long and hard to think about it - but thanks!
Very nice--thanks.
what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract. Pay it or contess itContest?
Thanks.
The dayruns for president is the day this country can get back to being great againWow, thank you!
Congratulations to &amp; all emergency first responders &amp; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
A great mind...And a role model. Thanks!
Macy's will be happy--and so am I.
Thanks.
Mr. Trump please keep up the great work on all fronts...Your an inspiration to everyone. Thank you!
Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
Thanks.
Wrong--he started it, I finished it!
Thanks.
Ive knownfor a long time &amp; sadly, he gets dumber each &amp; every year--&amp; started from a very low base.
Hi Dan and good luck!
It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatchers funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsis.
Love everything that you stand for! You are a brilliant man! Thank you!
ViaDonald Trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle
Thanks.
Featuring top spa in New York, AAA Five-Diamond Awardis Sohos most elite hotel &amp; destination spot
Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever.
One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.Midas Touch
He tried last cycle and failed miserably. Never ran yet lead in the pols you moron!
My husband and I went to Las Vegas in August and stayed at the Trump Hotel. We loved it! That's great!
Vegas top destination,is a 64-story tower of golden glassWhat goes on there, stays there!
. RTI live in Aberdeenshire &amp; I'm with you, you have made a big difference to that bit (cont)
. RTThis time I agree 100% I never knew how useless a wind turbine was until I (cont)
Best piece of advice u would give to a young businessman? Work really hard and smart!
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists
Thanks.
From 10-11 pm,ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprentice
Donald...he couldn't go to Thachers funeral??? Am I the only one outraged???No!
In case you missed it, myinterview on Obama's IRA rate cut hurting savings &amp; economic growth
. is impressing the All Star Celebrityviewers with her continued success on Team Power.
Withearlier today atpress conference in
Mr. Trump what keeps you going ?.Love of my family, Country and work!
.Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday.
Thanks, very nice.
Also true!
The home of the boardroom- #CelebApprentice
Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
Grow a pair Donald. Admit you were wrong to support Obama in 08.Moron, I never supported Obama in 08.
- I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral!
. andarguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Ivanka Trump is the best thingever created. #celebrityapprentice #theapprentice
if you were president Korea wouldn't be messing with us #Trump2016100% correct!
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow, that would be the end, a disaster!
. as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice
Donald you rock! #theartofthedeal changed me forever. Thanks That is really great news, congrats!
I only speak the truth.
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice
just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time, better then anything!
The only American who has met with the North Korean man child is Dennis Rodman.Isnt that frightening and sad?
Im impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprentice
u r a hero to us in Nigeria/ Africa. Wen r u visiting us nxt? It wld be a dream come true to meetReally nice
I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog-
If the US asked for reimbursement for defense and the Koreans declined, then what?Let's rebuild the U.S.!
The only way we can save America in 2016 will be if you run for President. Thank you!
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice
. RT- one would think the photo &amp; caption - says it all....
After Obama bailed out GM for $80 Billion, 7 out of 10 GM cars made in China!
happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party You will love it tonight!
: I completely agree with Patty. A businessman of your caliber can successfully implement State Policies. T
are you going to return the favor toand be the one who inducts him in to the#HOF? YES!
Booked VIP clients to playing at the Trump Course in Palos Verdes fnn #Great-best course in California!
Great job- you deserve it!
Canada loves you Donald! Thanks!
Remember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B.
I liked Donald Trump on The To Night Show with David LettermanThanks!
. RT
the photos that they don't show the public...
Please, please, please consider running in the 2016 Presidential election. We need business savvy (you)Thanks
Love to hear your thoughts on idiot Alex Rodriguez. I hope he gets run out of New York. He will be!
I thought China was good with the U.S.?Only if you want no country left!
Can anyone explain whyis so unfunny on twitter andis so funny? Jerry is highly overrated
Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!
Love the ties! Where can I get them? #celebapprentice Macy's!
I think when you go on thethose are the best interviewsHoward and I have fun!
Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp; that one's not even close!
your dad's interview, last night with David Letterman, was the best, realest, most genuine sitdown, ever ! Thanks!
Where is the President?It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others.
Good luck!
is a great guy and player!
Be up front and direct with people, and they will return the favor.Think Like a Billionaire
Always remember that as your success grows, you will be asked for more favors. Learn how to say No. It is critical.
Remember, NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers
What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
Donald Trump is the man, loved the interview on letterman!Thanks!
DOES look great! Shes stunning, intelligent; a true role model for many women. True-fhank you!
Love you to death...think you r amazing and brilliant! LIKE YOUR STRAIGHT FORWARD TALK....Thanks!
are U watching #masters ?! It's no sure thing yet !! Yes, great event!
My performance from last week on David Lettermanwill be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS.
Bad break fora great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
thank you for creating the best show ever Very nice, thank you!
. is Hawaiis top luxury hotel &amp; destination. Each room features stunning views &amp; superb amenities
Don't care what you say,is spot on with his comments on Gov. Issues! Keeps it real and honest! #respect Best!
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS. 9
Do you know how many yearsstarred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice
Angel Cabrerra will win the MASTERS..265lbs of everyman golfer..Ole! He is looking good!
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China)
Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice! Let's do this Gary! I hope he wins tonight.
is a true model, hard work and dedication, money, and attitude &lt;&lt; and unsotppable force Wow,thank you!
Donald I am disappointed in you. you should have ran for pres. Never too late!
Turbines destroy environments and people.
Have to do an essay on a hero....... Definitely pickingPerfect idolVery nice-good luck!
. doesnt likeclich line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? #CelebApprentice
A vampire with a day pass?We are inland. #CelebApprentice
Are you supporting Chinese child labor? Only at The Masters!
Its true gets the comeback of the year award. I didnt like having to fire him. #CelebApprentice
True.
Turbines will kill more birds than hunters.
What is your favoritefilm? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprentice
True!
Mr Trump are we 2 hours tonight? Yes.
China will only rule if we let them--or are stupid.
A lot of comments revs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprentice
save our America....a democratic win in 2016 will be the final nail. True!
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!
Donald Trump for President. Please You are too kind!
I am on David Letterman tonight.
I'm thinking of changing my name to Trump. Just to thankfor making my business thousands! Smart!
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us.China is a major threat.
Thanks.
I'll say it, nobody beatswhen it comes to honest reporting and serious insight. Thanks!
Would they have won the task if not the misspelling? I was dying for him or Trace to ask that. YES!
Mrhow come the US doesn't listen 2u whenever u give them advice on how deal with all the problems? They are dumb
Product integration is very important. #CelebApprentice
Honestly,you can't find anyone more real than Donald Trump! A great compliment, thanks!
Why is Apprentice 2 full hours now? Ratings problems prompt NBC to end the season early? No dope,opposite!
I'm calling it for Jason day He probably just blew it!
Wind Mills are highly dangerous - They tend to sheer off blades and catch fire in gales and storms True!
I remember you supported John McCain just like I did. That is correct, thank you!
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
Great shots of#CelebApprentice
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss#CelebApprentice
Probably Mark.
Talking withbackstage-#WWEHOF
What a great group!With and#WWEHOF
Ending my life. Thanks Bryan, don't do it - you have everything to live for!
All eyes are onHes in good position!
Great!
Prepping for my job interview by reading The Art of the Deal byInspirationalGood luck Mike!
Mark Cuban is a sad, unhappy man. A facade, masquerading as a Trump wannabe. Very interesting!
My 12yr old nephew is your biggest fan! Has #Success cologne, watches Apprentice, wants to be like uSay hi!
. Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. Hes less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod.
I wear my Donald trump tie every week. Incredible. Great!
Thoughts on Kerry visiting Seoul amid missile crisis.. Tell them that they must pay us for protection!
. has increasedto 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST
The $200M renovations at Trumpare right on target.When completed, the course will be as good as it gets.
do you think Bloomberg is a good mayor? Yes!
whats with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? :(Going back to two hours - ratings
if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president Obama would b??Leadership!
Making my speech. #WWEHOF
Mr. President, it is time to lead on the Korean crisis.Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!
Thanks!
PlayingInternational Links tomoro. Can't wait! Supposed to be amazing! #beentoldtotakealotofballs Enjoy!
Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan!
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!
Myinterview w/discussing her debut on&amp; her skin care line
Thanks.
#Trump Is HOF ! Thanks!
Thanks.
andat #WM23 was so great! That is a moment I will NEVER forget!#HOFThanks.Marissa!
Great!
#TBTand I 20 years ago-
I hope everyone goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts &amp; suits [love my DJT Ties - Thanks!
Obamas proposed budget has another middle class tax hikeEnjoy!
Thanks!
Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.Think Big
Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office.
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
. Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. Thats why you are such a respected writer.
we need the art of the deal Very true!
nice looking family! Of all your accomplishments, your family has to be your greatest
inductshuh? Can't picture anyone else doing this. #WWEHOF
will never forget the way u shaved vince's head and money fall !! U deserved to be in WWE HOFThanks!
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - Andrew Carnegie
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star CelebrityMUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
WE HAVE NO JOBS, NO HOPE AND NO CASH. TEN YEARS AGO WE HAD SOME OR ALL OF THOSE THINGS Interesting!
Thanks!
Obamas budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-poweredThe strong world is laughing at us.
Family group shot. #WWEHOF
True!
Thanks--and good luck.
Thanks!
Congratulations toand Jared on the big news.I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
I'm gonna defend my thesis tomorrow. Any advice for people who have stage fright like me? Be cool!
Watchingget inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF.
Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule, you will have no trouble making conversation.- Think Like a Billionaire
Fellow inducteeand me. #WWEHOF
Wonderful news, thanks.
Thank you!
Re Scotland. I'm in Scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms. Hideous and horrible things.
don't forget SUCCESS! The most complimented cologne in my collection... by far!Thanks!
I hope so!
just bought one for my son's bday celebration to Vegas! #gorgeous Great!
Class of 2013. #WWEHOF
With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG. #WWEHOF
. RT Driving through Indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. Now I know whatis talking about
Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them.Be aggressive and seize them when they come.
I will be there soon!
we have NO leadershipNo kidding!
ViaTrump empire planning to build a presence in Sydney
I really liked everyone at theHall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!
I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog -
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.Think Like a Billionaire
Thanks and say hi to your son!
Why did you get this tattoo?!!!? I never got a tattoo and never would!
Miss Peru Universe 2008 Karol Castillo, passed away last night :( #MissUniverse #MissPeru A wonderful person
Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
. RT Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities.
Donald Trump Wishes Kristen Stewart A Happy Birthdayvia
I've come to the conclusion the only help for America, is TRUMP 2016 for President!Probably so!
you've raised children that young people can look up too. thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind
Not much, it's too easy!
Why did you support Obama in 08? I didn't dummy!
True!
-- I say more Mr. Trump and less everything else on your network! Thanks Eric, many agree!
Another one of me on stage. #WWEHOF
Thank you.
Why is Anthony Weiner attempting to run for Mayor ? Because he is delusional!
#ProudToBeAFanOf very successful and inspiring
how do you like the Dallas Mavericks' chances tonight against Phoenix? I don't!
People still watch that? Thanks!
Congratulations toon winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994.is a great New Yorker and Knick!
congrats on the hall of fame !!!!! Sorry haters, butpeople loved my WWEHOF speech as you saw last night
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!
Here I am with#WWEHOF
I think after watching his roast I've realized thatis super fucking bad ass Props to you sir True - thanks
Thanks Traci. Hi to your son.
. andas PMs- Im proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice
congrats on the run with the show, been a staple for years on NBC Thanks Scott!
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!
Wow!
Great going Ricardo!
Thanks Basil.
you and your TV Show #theapprentice are tremendous. Watch it every weekThanks
Have a happy one!
One of my idols A geeat compliment - Thank you!
Thanks!
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susterentonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
Thank you.
My wife, the beautifulwill be appearing #CelebApprentice
Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words!
I would pay cash money to seebodyslamjust once. #WWE #wrestlemania He is not strong enough!
why iseven at aevent?Ratings asshole - I'll bet in life you are a very big failure!
Four.
Here I am withand erictrump presenting the WGCTrophy to Tiger Woods at
The #CelebApprentice postWill it ever be the same?
donald we are always supporting other countriesoften times because we're stupid - we make bad deals!
China is pushing North Korea!
Original schedule but going back to two hours.
. will be ontoday at 11am ET discussing#celebapprentice &amp; herskin care collection. Tune in!
Thanks Mark.
Tell me, which is coolermy induction into theHall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice
where's Sadam's billiions of $$ after Bush invested American taxpayer$. We were too stupid to take it-loser pols!
If you're not followingon Twitter, you are missing out on GREATNESS. Do it. Thank you!
Watch me get inducted into the #WWEHOF tonight at 10PM on USA. I will be posting exclusive behind the
: When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country, we have no business helping any other country
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours.
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America.
should I get the red Donald trump tie or the blue Donald trump tie??? Get them both at Macy's-thanks!
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrityfollowed by new episode at 10 PM.
Great picture Mr trump would to see u invest in some golf courses in the UK your resorts are the best
But WHY only one hour?! I need my two hours of crazy. #celebapprentice Next week until end increased to 2 hrs
Myinterview re: the dismal job report, getting ripped off by South Korea, 2016 election &amp;#WWEHOF
. Thanks for spreading the truth about China and all Donald trump. You rock brother. Donny stjohn Sag. Actor
. was terrific. #WWEHOF
Great, good luck.
Bill Moyers is a good man---1000 times better then you areHe is a dummy!
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing!
Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday!Amazing show.
It was great seeingat the #WWEHOF.
one day i'll be rich and powerful like my mentor Great!
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people, including Bruno.
Thanksis an amazing guy.
Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!
- Congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time Thank you!
Im a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans inandis definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice
When will Apprentice USA be back on UK TV? jealous of not being able to watch it like you are in the USA. SOON
Either is great.
One day I'd shake hands with- my business and leadership mentor.Work hard and good luck!
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
Bush murdered thousands of r troops &amp; wasted trillions $ in a needless &amp; senseless war-Iraq. TRUE!
I kinda like the tattoo you got. Check it out guys! Dopey, I don't have tattoos!
I am very impressed byHis return to this seasons showed who Dennis really is--which is very good.
Okay--hi Maria!
congrats my role model!! I always look up to you,boss. Thank you!
The new reality. China Daily is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
In today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
Can't wait to see the finished product. Another Trump masterpiece ..... As usual !!! Thanks Dan re. Doral!
Im attonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
This Sundays All-Star Celebrityhas the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/&amp;together!
Will the Mavs make the playoffs, what do u think Mr Trump? No, Mark Cuban is a loser!
The boardroom andI'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice
. just finished being onany standard, she was great!
Very excitingtomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into theHall of Fame.
Pennies don't fall from heaven, they have to be earned here on earth.PM Margaret Thatcher (October, 13 1925April, 8 2013)
I don't even follow u and I love youVery nice!
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
Always nice to see the terrificat the #WWEHOF.
Starting next week, and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.
Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way, I am not a fan!
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?
It appears thatis entranced withand rightly so! #CelebApprentice
Follow me on Instagram-
Its Tuesday, how much has China stolen from us today through cyber espionage?
. interview re: North Korea, firingjob report,debut &amp;
Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURINGTRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!
America needs you in 2016. Your success and capabilities are enough to make the world peaceful again.God bless
True, America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!
Do you have a helipad at Trump National LA?Yes!
James Holmes, the Aurora, Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others, is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...
Only 88,000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190,000. Businesses cant expand with Obama Care &amp; high taxes on horizon.
Watching the show. #WWEHOF
RTCheck out my May Redbook magazine cover. Very exciting! #Redbook
I just leftin Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure. - Laurence J. Peter
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats
and I backstage at WWE Hall of Fame. A great man and good friend.
Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF
North Korea can't survive, or even eat, without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us!
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!
is great tonight and stars the legendary beautywho reveals her great skin care collection.
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump NationalDoral in Miami. They are smart, hard working and great
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump Nationalis being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
Whose artwork was your favorite and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprentice
I have a gift for my loyal viewers of All-StarMrs.debut on this weeks episode
My dad &amp; I are huge #Trump2016 supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didn't happen! Thanks!
Piers truly hates Omarosa!
PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!! Yay! I'm your number 1 fan!!! I will die happy if you respond to this tweet :D $$$$
Immigration reform is all risk for theTheir base doesnt want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes.Ronald Reagan
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under Obamacare If They Dont Accurately Project Their Income\
. &amp;Vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine
some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its Mr Trump. THANKS Cory!
Be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow.
Good luck.
... among ABC, CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults....
A-Rods salary is more than the entireHalf the players onwill have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
The only person I enjoy following is Thanks!
Ever seein performance? Theyre fantastic. And so are Penn &amp; Teller. Dont miss them. #CelebApprentice
ViaTrump Releases Renderings For Old Post Office Building
All-Star Celebrity Apprentice is #1 in the time period among ABC, CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demosNielsen Ratings
We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
Winning is the most important thing in my life, after breathing. Breathing first, winning next. -
George Steinbrenner
love. Favorite show of all time...every time! Great!
You deserve it can't wait to watch you go in. I'll be there.
. take onseems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice
best season ofyet! Great television! :-)
Going to keep tweeting untilrealizes how much he is my idol #lovethisman
#CelebrityApprentice most powerful show on the network! No other television series comes close to it!
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice
Sacrificing our nations bravest forungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil
. insane release of the terroristfor humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
#CelebrityApprentice is AMAZING. Love it
Better Be Careful:Donald Trump Warns GOP On Immigration, Creating 12 Million New Dem Votersvia
. has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame about time! #CelebApprentice
. continues to do important work forChildrens Research Hospital. I am very proud ofphilanthropy.
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests inWe have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice
I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into theHall of Fame.
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
In standing byI wasalso representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back.
I will never be persuaded to not be afan :)
Archive:DONALD TRUMP'S GREATESTMOMENTSWhen I shavedMcMahon's head inXXIII
. is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest Here Moyers coddles
- Did you hear the cheers from Ohio??! Celebrity Apprentice is back to being my favorite show!
#CelebApprentice the best show on tv, all my #mba classmates are loving it to, #bestshow in North America
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it.
Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation, but for life satisfaction. - Arthur C. Brooks
a world with Donald Trump is a world I don't want to live in #inspirationWow, how nice!
The only place where our border is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported.
Love every minute of #CelebApprentice.
Agreed--says he andhave a communication malfunction. #CelebApprentice
. regularly featurescontestants on his show. We love his support &amp; hes a terrific host.Tonight: Omarosa.
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
... than his destruction of Scotlands magnificent lands.
...Apprentice was #1 among ABC, CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults, men and women 18-34, 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen.
. just awarded Trump Vineyards Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in Virginia...
sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like(and many others).
Now AP is banning the term illegal immigrants What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with global warming?Good move changing the name to climate change - sad!
RT My two favorite billionaires!
Remember, Celebrity Apprenticetonighton CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
Will you be at the Yankee game tomorrow? Yes!
With the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
Hi.
Looking forward toinducting me intoHall of Fame this Saturday in#WWEHOF #WrestleMania
Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that youre receptive to what theyre saying.Roger Ailes, You are the Message
Myinterview on riskforon immigration, wasting money in Middle East &amp; firing
The purpose of Chinas massive military buildup on the Norks border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
Couldn't be happier! Now #CelebrityApprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv! Glad you are happy!
Video in honor of the 100th Anniversaryof the Anti-Defamation League (ADL):Imagine a World Without Hate
ViaTrump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform by
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed, our tax dollars are payingbigsalary!
RT Her beauty lives 5,000 miles past Heaven. Thank u
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news,delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
Who is the better boss? Mr. or Mrs. Trump? Can't wait to find out next week!
I ask again, how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea?
. , the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie
truly the best show on TV....Thanks!1
Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo Make no mistake,some of these will be shot at our troops.
Theshould immediately stop paying A-Rodhe signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
China has control over North Korea!
I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
Yay! Yay! Yay!is gone!!! Can't wait for next Sunday!YOU'RE THE MAN!!! Thanks!
To Make His Second-Ever Hall Of Fame Inductionvia #WWEHOF #Billionaires
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright, co-founders of have done an absolutely fantastic jobtwo real winners.
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.
With Dr. Dror Paley &amp; Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago.
What do you thinkis writing? #CelebApprentice
officially #CelebApprentice is back to being my favorite show! Thanks Great!
I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldnt.
It was my great honor to defendonlast nighthe has come a long way and for the good!
The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn.Anonymous
Your children are GREAT role models and you are a terrific Dad. xxx
Set the bar high, do the best you possibly can, and believe in yourselfbecause if you dont, no one else will either.
Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.
Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations, approaches, and practices that you could adapt in your field.
did AWESOME on Letterman! I just love him! Thanks Sarah!
North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders.
. on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
letterman's ratings were off the roof. Was it the TRUMP effect?? YES!
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.
was incredible as always on Letterman. He surely knows how to handle it. Thanks!
Donald why is tonight's episode only an hour? #dissapointmentAs per plan but NBC increased future to 2hrs
Currentreally sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!).
Lovingon Letterman! Could listen to him talk all day long. You say it like it is and that's why we love u!
So, what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember, I only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!
loved you on the letterman show. I have a whole new respect for you! continued successThanks!
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid, not fixed, in your expectations.
DT, do you think kids are overmedicated and over diagnosed in the USA?Yes!
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
My father, Fred C. Trump.
Rambling and stumblingis as dumb as a rock!
Please helpwith their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic
Once you consent to some concession, you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are. - Howard Hughes
I bet Matt Lauer is really grateful forcoming to his defense like this. Unfair story by third rate
Run for President and have David as your wing man. Cute!
Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism.
Speaking from a military point of view, I wantas my Commander-in-Chief. Great compliment - thanks!
If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude, studyGreat Man!
Trump is an American that will pay more taxes in one year than you pay in your entire life.
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks
I will.
you're the man! You should run for president! Thanks!
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!
Very well said. The United States needs people like you to show what truly leadership means! So true!
- New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now, it won't last long!
Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own.
late show Was great!! We all enjoy it! Thanks!
agreed. I won't be renewing. I got back issues that are paper weights. Bad people, false writing!
You're inteligent, awesone and honest! you are my idol!:')Thanks!
Just watched You on Letterman. You were Brilliant! Such a well-fed brain. I enjoyed You
. and one of his Busey-isms:Art is only the search, it is not the final form. #CelebApprentice
I wish you had run for president! You are a very smart man! Thanks Cheryl!
are your sold at . .MACY'S!
what is the solution Mr Trump? LEADERSHIP!
I thought you did a great job with Letterman. Thanks Jevon!
You forgot to mention that you're going into the WWE Hall of Fame.
Great job on Letterman. I have always been a big admirer of yours. Thanks Jim!
. - I often times don't agree with you politically, but I enjoyed your Interview on Letterman. Thanks!
Are people really afraid ofWould you be? #CelebApprentice
True and thanks.
Great advice. Yesterday, I listened to your audio book Think Big for the 2nd Time. Great!
...At the same time, go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short.Focus on your goallook at the solution, not the problem.
Good Job Donald. I'll call NBC a see if they'll giv you Leno's spot..lol
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book Never Give Upits quite a story. #CelebApprentice
Practice positive thinkingthis will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental...
Just read book Contagious, why things catch on - reminded me of u --ur one of a kind! :) Thank you!
is just amazing, made my night watching him on letterman ! #trumpnationaldoral !!Thanks Lizzy!
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
u were great Thanks Carmine!
you were awesome on late show! Very true - thanks!
ya hit it out of the park. #preztrump from a Canadian #yourhiredThanks!
worked @ theBrick here in Canada 15 years sleep on the Trump mattress, taught 1000's to sell it. Fav mattress.
great job on Letterman. Thanks!
Not recent, long term support for the autism community.
Thank you GLN!
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!
Trump for President 2016! #weneedyouThanks!
Mr. Trump, Class-Actyou are a one of an kind classic! #trumpforpresident.Thanks!
Thanks for all the nice comments about thelast night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings.
. is back! Did I seewince? #CelebApprentice
my dad is a pastor here in lakeland, FL at bridge of hope.. Always wears a trump tie!! #success Great!
I watched theon #Letterman Great interview, this man knows how its done. Pure class! He has my vote.
Have a GREAT EASTER, I love you all!
No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad.
sir, the autism community thanks you for your support!! #autismspeaks
should be president, he knows what he is talking about #rolemodelThank you!
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT, starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!
mr trump, you are a brilliant man!I agree, but thanks!
HeyMy 8 year old needs to do a book report on a bad person. We picked you.A great subject, should get an A.
Terrible economic numbers released today. US GDP only grew 0.4% during Oct-Dec 2012 quarterGreat news for China.
you did awesome! Always shooting and keeping letterman away from attacking the GOP and joking on you. Great!
this interview made you look down to earth. Romney should have done Letterman.
was amazing on Letterman. When are you officially going to announce you are running for President in 2016?
Achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves.
If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude, studyThanks!
Employees ofshould have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
You did great Mr Trump! Wife and I watched. Loved your Walmart answer. Thanks!
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World, by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
Trump for president 2016, this country needs a different kind of changeThanks!
. judgment wasnt the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroomthat was her demise. #CelebApprentice
This weeks All-Star Celebrityfeatures another memorable Board Room rumble between&amp;
Thanks Anthony.
should run in 2016Thanks for your nice thoughts!
You are awesome! Thanks!
What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters, leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.
RTEverybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism. GREAT!
great appearance last night on Letterman. First Stern, now Dave. Two awesome interviews. Thanks!
When will NYT write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here, Mr. Trump. They should Kim!
Adam Moss, editor in chief ofis quickly losing his reputation in thathas become so boring and so irrelevant.
is far nicer and real on Letterman than he is on twitterInteresting!
you were awesome! Honest, personable, intelligent! Thanks!
why isnot the president of the US right now?! A very good question!
great interview, always interesting...congrats!! Thanks!
.RTjust sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?Here we go!
RTI live in Maine and let me tell ya Wind Turbines are a Disaster.
watched you Letterman.. Good Job! Your Hired! Thanks!
Last night's's interview byof gorgeous 2012 Great job!
. continues to do important work forChildrens Research Hospital. I am very proud ofphilanthropy.
Thanks Jennifer.
2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired!
Thank you!
Thank you.
ViaTrump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events
al-Megrahiwas the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.
To all journalists, look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with VattenfallFollow the money.
Awesome as always! Thanks!
Less than two weeks until XXIX. v.willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
Fantastic food--thanks.
She is a fabulous woman!
Great - call me, we'll get you on!
Thank you Nadine!
You may be right!
Thanks-- is great!
Thanks--and good luck!
This is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.
Kate--All my best wishes to you.
The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is experimental &amp; has no track record delivering energy.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016?? Thanks for the nice thoughts, Mike!
.RT Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.And poor Scotland
I hope so!
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC
In case you missed it, last week'sinterviewwithdiscussing Tiger Woods &amp; much more
awesome job on Letterman! Thought it was a great, funny interview. Invite me to Doral!!! Thanks David!
Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for 10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it cant happen here?
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
you and David letterman were fabulous tonight!!!!! Great job!!!!! Thanks Joe!
I always enjoy your interviews and think The Apprentice is terrific. Looked great on Letterman. Thanks!
Very good Joel!
ViaOakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1,000 Scholarship &amp; Meet Donald Trump
great job. Very entertaining segment with interesting observations and insights.Thanks!
Thank you.
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increasesSurprised?
Nice jobon #letterman. Thanks!
...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago.
Chinas top academics are working w/ PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets &amp; R&amp;DThey are laughing at us!
When someone can discourage you, you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.
ViaDonald Trump warns of dangerous precedent in Cyprus bank skimming
FLASHBACK: Alex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomber ...
paired very well with Letterman tonight. Thanks!
Great--good luck.
Getting ready to do the David Letterman tonightI hope you all will watchI think!
Donald Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' abouton '
The radar, defense, shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC
Interesting and often true!
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare, but it's to prepare us for something bigger.
you did great on lettermanThanks Kenneth!
.RT im proud to be scottish, but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D, the Chinese will overtake America in 2016 ...
Very nice, thanks.
You were great, you are always genuine.Thanks!
. has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit, comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger.
Many offriends were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!
The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
I really misson All-Star Apprentice Will he be back as a judge? Yes!
Hasn't anyone learned anything from TBoone Pickens' disaster.
Although I cannot speak for them, I think you made your family proud.Great job! : ) Thanks Deanna!
Yes--and thanks.
For all of my many Jewish friends, Happy Passover.
Luck does not come around often. So when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard. Think Big
Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp; lives will be destroyed.
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - NEVER ENDING COLD
Great! Thanks.
Great job! Way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism. Your always a class act! Thanks Tom!
I mean it when I say I would take a bullet for Wow, how nice - thanks!
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities, Vattenfall, just laid off 2,500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties.
did an awesome job on David Letterman! Thanks!
Nice job Mr.Trump! Smooth, relaxed, and in good humour. Thanks!
Watch next week!
The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
Thanks Bobby.
FLASHBACK: Hiding evidence of global cooling Scientific data is cooked!
. is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.
was doing the same, thinking, salmond has lost his mind
Hope I do well!
Congrats to fantastic All-Starcelebrity &amp; illusioniston being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
When somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
Thanks!
I am a local Aberdonian. The coast is beautiful - it will be totally ruined with these vile, ugly turbines.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China, yuan just hit record high against dollar Very sad!
Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact, &amp; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam. - Think Like A Champion
Iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy! Sad distinction, farm land lost!
Thanks Chuck.
Yes, All-Starcontestantis a little out there. But he uses his uniqueness to his advantage.
Your Apprentice is so much better than ours in the UK. You're so much better than Alan Sugar! Thanks!
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice
Very nice Chris--thanks!
. &amp;are not likely to become friends ever! #CelebApprentice
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
Problem withis not their message, its that they are incapable of controlling the message.
Withon top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
Always good to haveback as advisor as well asThey have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Heres something about Donald Trump, hes got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a headline.-All true!
Thewill be broadcast tonight onat 9 PM.
. admitting shes a threat in the boardroom- thats not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
2016, 2016, 2016! Get this country back to the prosperous nation we once were!! Thanks.William!
Honestly who gives a shit where Obama was born? It's where he lives now that's the problemInteresting!!!!
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!
True.
You were born stupid!
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!
wish we had politicians that were like you... Maybe the we could cut some debt then. #2016Thanks!
yay can't wait Donald, you are so cool - and so are you - thanks!
. I know youre watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
better run for president in 2016 so i can vote for him. #conservativeprideThanks!
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
What do you think ofDonald Trump head? The hairs not quite right, for one thing. #CelebApprentice
Its springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
I have to say your a better host than Alan sugar who does the uk versionThanks!
When I think big, which is often, you can be sure Im aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
is my favorite celebrity in the world! I can't believe she met him.Great and thanks!
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice
.. Are you ganna tweet live? YES!
Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted&amp; then I starred in one, which sold most PPVs.
This Sunday's All-Starfeatures some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
There wont be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.
I wanna bewhen i grow up :p ! Work hard and smart!
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of#CelebApprentice
. is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice
Thats Adrian in the elevator he works at&amp; hes got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
People ask aboutShe is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
Why do the losers &amp; haters always say I wear a wig when they know I dont.Like it or not, its all minejust ask Barbara Walters.
True Michael!
Thanks.
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.
Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt...
. mother thinks Im very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice
See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. Whats strong? Whats weak? Whats missing?
Thanks Brian!
Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
Thank you.
I just stayed at the Trump hotel in Vegas. I love it!!! Great!
Happy Birthday Christine.
Great going!
Lets see what happens in the boardroom #CelebApprentice
Thank you.
Thanks Phil!
Thank you - a great compliment!
Win!
They changed the name from global warming to climate change after the term global warming just wasnt working (it was too cold)!
.Marknice picture, thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time Ill go and youll win!
. thinksis ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Good luck!
According to2/3 of Mexican LEGAL immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of no interest
... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!
Uh oh&amp;once again reunite in the Board Room in next weeks All-Star Fireworks!
RTPersonally I think it is awesome thatlistens toon the radio. She's awesome.
UK is freezing through longest &amp; coldest winter in over 50 yearsWheres the global warming?
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
Pay attention, study more than what is required, keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck.
Do not give up, keep moving forward.
. Trump TrashesOn Twitter:You're A 'Dummy' &amp; 'Were Born Stupid'
I agree Donald Please run for president. Your alot smarter than Hillary. America needs you.Thanks!
please don't forget us people on the west coast #nospoilingI won't-thanks!
ViaDonald Trump to Speak in Novi This May
Make no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
Donald Trump to visit metro Detroit in Mayvia
what the world needs is Trump for president so the world can start making sense again.Thanks!
For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
ViaVia Donald Trump makes plans for Menie Estate marquee
Last nights All-Staronce again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
Last weeks boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasnt settled yet. #CelebApprentice
The amount of Trump Towers in New York City is ridiculous. No simple man can build such an empire like .THANKS!!
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits, that could happen here.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - Albert Einstein
Its snowing &amp; freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
ViaTrump at CPAC: What Really Happened
. would be nothing without being on theshow.I dont see what Sean sees in herloser!
Thanks Jim!
Trump organisation backs community battle against substationvia
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
SICK!!!!is my idol Thanks Austin!
. is ranked the top course in the WestIf you're in the area, book a round today.
yay i cant wait mr trump! You have the best show on tv on sunday nights!THANKS!
The truth will soon be revealed and everyone will saywas right! Many people think so!
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
#MentionSomebodyYouWantToMeetThe Man, the Myth, The Legend, The DonaldThanks!
It wont stay a buyers market forever. If you can, take advantage and buy property asap. Youll thank me!
One of the most obvious lessons onis for the candidates to learn to think quickly. - Think Like a Champion
All-Star Celebritycontinues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More, and bigger, coming
Hey Donald! What's the best confidence builder? Going against losers like Mark Cuban!
If youre sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then its time to THINK BIG and plan your next step
True!
is trumping the trumpster himself Where do you live, moron.
Thanks!
. According to the Pros just named Trump National Golf Club, Philadelphia, the #1 private club. Thanks!
. should have stayed at CNBCshe was never smart, but people liked her.Jeff Zuckers got problems!
Thanks!
Thanks Seth!
... hope you have a great day! Loved your speech at CPAC. Thanks Kim!
is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!
. just announced that all 1 hourepisodes are being expanded to 2 hoursits amazing what good ratings will do!
My shirts, ties &amp; suits (and fragrance, Success) are doing great -- go over &amp; check out Macys nowbeautiful new selection!
I remained strong forduring his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory.
Why do shows haveHispanic Chair for the losing McCain 08 &amp; Huntsman 12.Shes a loser who doesnt deliver votes.
Thanks--and good luck.
Donald Trump Takes on Apple via
I have none!
You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much.The Art of The Deal
Thanks.
Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend.swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser
Just for the recordhas authored more #1 best selling books than#winning10 to be exact-thanks!
Great!
Thanks Jaynie.
Thank you!
Hi Colby.
Thanks and good luck.
Happy Birthday.
Yes and best wishes.
Love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things toare poor idiots with no sense. #playnice True
Thanks Anthony.
Its a shame to hear that theis failing. No one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.
Donald Trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the White House tours.
. played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
.is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)thats why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.
Butis physically weak, he has no clubhead speed or game!
We just blew it up dummy!
Re: CPAC The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trumps address, something his operative said he planned to do...
l still thinkshould just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
It was great havingback on this week's
Thanks.
... Thats why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.TRUMP 101
Thanks David!
.Mark, okay with me but don't start your bullshit again!
Thanks Michael!
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
. very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
.... to help McConnell, who spoke right after him.
10 yrs ago today, the Iraq war began. 4,485 of our nations finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp; its oil.
That's why I'll never be Pope!
. report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors.
. did a great jobMuch of what she said was plain old common sense.
.ratings are so pathetic, she even loses toat 7PM which is replay of 5PM
nobody is on the dons level. Lets be honest donald trump is the man Very nice, thank you!
For beauty and flight, Ill take the757 over the787 any day!
Thanks Jason.
Thanks!
. is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!
Very nice!
Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...
Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare.via
.is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on
Shocker: study reveals thatis completely biased whileis factual What a surprise!
. is rightthe Republicans lost because they werent conservative enoughor tough enough.
It was just announced thatwont be going to mornings on CNN.just made a wise decision.
You are correct, but he is so easy!
. XXIX less than 3 weeks away.Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
Board Room finale of this weeks All-Starwill leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goesIt's great!
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!).
Great and thanks.
There are 2 people with whom you don't want to be on their bad side- God's... &amp; I want to be on God's side!
Thank you.
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????
Emily--true and thanks.
Thanks Metalchick!
Via The HinduRealty brand Donald Trumps India venture to sport desi tag
why are you wasting your time with Cuban? You are right!
you got bankrupted 3 times, who the hell trusts you with anythingI never went bankrupt, moron!
Hi Chris!
Trump, by far!
You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you!
Sorry folks, but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey
John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes.
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at
took wife Jenn to your 16 in Chicago, had great time! Impeccable service! Thanks!
Yes and thanks.
Thanks Wusong.
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
I dont like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. Its not Pope-like!
Congratulations toMKon being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by
Chester--unreal.
Does anyone remember the fighthad w/ the refereehe was weak &amp; pathetica non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.
Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities.
Thanks Cheryl.
Quite nice, thanks!
True!
. became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and onthats the way it is.
when you next in Scotland Mr Trump? We miss you! April and thanks!
Donald Trump CPAC Speech: U.S. Is Run By 'Very Stupid People'viaby
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
Via Most Overrated Man in Politics,Responsible for Ashley Judds Rise
. If mr.Trump would run he would be the best president ever Thanks!
Looking forward to the Apprentice tonight.. ..show is still going strong !!!! Enjoy it Linda!
. reis right, shes becoming predictable.
The Blue Monster is being torn up at TrumpOn April 1, I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens.
lucky for me I don't live in America, I live in South Africa...Bad news, we need you here!
I spent my honeymoon in 2010 at the Trump Intl Las Vegas. Amazing place you've created.Thanks!
TRUMP HITS BACK AT CHRIS MATTHEWS BIRTHER RANT: HE USED TO BE A MUCH MORE INTELLIGENT MAN
. on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? Thats a credential #CelebApprentice
. informs thatis a conniving witchis he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice
Leverage: dont make deals without it.The Art of the Deal
Great line from I am an angel in an earth suit. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty.
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
. Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH
I think that you should run for President and be elected to that office. Good luck in all you do. THANKS!
Thanks Tanja!
So? what the fuck is your problem ? The people love him. Nobody loves him!
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
Chris Matthews is happily smearing you on hardball. Poor Chris ! I know Chris well-he is a lightweight.
Not even close!
ViaBackstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPACbyGreat seeing you David!
you were great and are great...keep on plugging awayThank you!
Dan, because I love beating lowlifes!
. is backgood news for Plan B. #CelebApprentice
All-Star Celebrity Apprentice ranked #1 for the 10 oclock hour among ABC, CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.
ViaLa Toya Jackson fired from 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' by Donald Trump
Great!
I think the real solution here is you running for president! Give it a shot! We need it. Thanks!
Big Q Did you shoot your age? No, but close!
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when youre in NYC. #CelebApprentice
Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not builtI will tie them up in courts for years, if necessary.
Thanks!
Not even close, dopey!
Huff Post His early morning speech drew a large crowd, far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday and packed by end! The facts.
Sexual pervert &amp; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor...
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
Mr. Trump I love you and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You are awesome and should be president. THANKS!
.interview discussing a budget deal, my #CPAC2013 speech,&amp; firing
. meltdownwas it for real?thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance #CelebApprentice
ur a pussy trumpis way richer than youNot even close, dummy!
Trump at CPAC: 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back'via
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
But I like picking on losers!
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
You may not agree withbut he knows what's what! Keep being truthful and REAL! Thanks!
TRUMP TO CPAC: BUILD A GREAT ECONOMYvia
Stupid, they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat!
Ifis not in the Board Room, I cant fire her. made a strategic mistake.
What a show last night! I couldn't believe the outcome! C.A. has been my fave show for a long time! Great!
ViaDonald Trump to CPAC: Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success' by
Great speech. All true. Some of it sadly. #CPACThanks Bob!
CPAC 2013: Donald Trump: Immigration reform is a suicide mission for GOPby
. is not winning points, being called the wicked witch of the Mid-West and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice
Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!
Mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon. Mark my words. I agree with you-and a loser!
Theres no love lost between &amp;Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprentice
RTTRUMP STUMPS...
when's good for me to head down to doral with the boys? #kimMitchellIn September
True,is a scene stealer without trying. Hes got a gift. #CelebApprentice
Why doescontinue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11TH placewith childish behavior? Really unprofessional!
Great!
- My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas the other day, gotta say your Trump building rocks! Thanks.
Newreport calls for embracing comprehensive immigration reform.Does thehave a death wish?
Trump Tower is open to the public.
Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January!
I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re: Don't worry other time zones, I will give nothing away!
That's because you bring clout to anything you do Mr. Trump...Remain blessed! Thanks, really nice!
don't waste time on your haters!Let them hate, you keep building your empire #respect #jealoushatersGreat!
It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease.
who would win on the golf courseorDid you ever see Mark swing a club - the power of a little girl!
how many rings do you have? #donthateontheCubesNine billion!
. is 1-12 against the Western Conferences top four seeds after Sundays loss &amp;swept the season series.
And happy to welcomeback as an advisor he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice
was ur first tee shot at trump links a snap hook?Sadly, yes!
you HAVE to run on 16. Thanks!
. new name viaMs. Saboteur sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice
ViaDonald Trump: Obama should golf w/ Republicans, not his local friendsby
ViaEXCLUSIVE: TRUMP SMACKS BACK AGAINST MEDIA ATTACKS ON CPAC SPEECH by
. has another meltdownwhile giving a check for $40,000 to Michaels charity, the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him!
Great article by explaining whywas biggest loser James is sharp.
is a bit toxic perBeing a bit PC? #CelebApprentice
Annika - Thanks, you are the GREATEST - We all adore you!
. emergency has put a new spin on Team Powers presentationbut its not show time yet. #CelebApprentice
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months, not two months!
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to Woods
ViaTRENDING: Trump a right-leaning tower at CPACby
we know you hate Mark Cuban but what are your feelings on Kevin O'Leary? Never heard of him!
Music cues, audience participation, sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice
. played great audio from mypress conference on her radio show.Glad she made it!
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- achanging market.
Thank you!
You are not as smart as Mark Cuban, no matter what you think. Keep to what you know. Lets do an I.Q. test!
Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!
Lines for myaddress start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013
Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it!
Thanks.
atis such a pathetic reporter who doesnt want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky &amp; hack.
I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!
The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.
Via most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the West
Interview w/discussing my WH tour offer,terrible ads &amp; Ashley Judd's candidacy
To He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral.#Trump
Thanks--and good luck.
Really looking forward to my addressthis Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs, etc. Can't wait to see my many friends.
Thanks Wilson.
Thanks Paul - we miss you!
The Donald Goes to CPAC: TV star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of Americaby
Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp; for the 1st time House &amp; Senate delivered budgets before him
. was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 oclock hour in all major demographics.
Donald Trump explains celebrity feuds: 'I speak the truth'via
Its sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesnt have to be.WH should take my offer.
ViaTrump on Obama and Congress: Lock them up in a room like Vatican conclaveby
I love watching dummypromote on ok show named Shark Tankbut he is just a small part of that show.
Thanks Mary.
Re: Ashley Judd: Keepaway. He already made her a viable candidate.
Agreed, they're doing a great job.
ViaTRUMP TO REPUBLICANS: 'PLAY THE DEBT CEILING CARD'by
Do your homework. Wasting other peoples time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.
I watched the last two minutes of thegame last night--- I just loved watching them lose.
Good idea--I wish him luck.
In making any decision, you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence, in the end you have to go with your gut!
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett:Donald, congratulations again, we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.
. had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Cant wait to see everyone.
Great!
.Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.
Good move byin downgradingto a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.
Theres a reasonpartners cant stand him and on top of that, the team sucks!
ViaTrump Says Hell Foot Bill for White House Tours
Dummymade up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happenedI dont talk that way.
.made a great decision in firingfromThe show will be better without her!
Whether you realize it or not, your brand can be many times more valuable than your business.Midas Touch
To show you how shallow politicians can be, many are jealous of myspeaking slot &amp; also their fellow Republicans! Not good!
Yes and thanks.
Boring &amp; failing3rd rate political reporterhad flunkywrite a totally false report about me today......
CPAC attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for mystart at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early!
Thanks!
The DC press corps is obsessed with myspeech which is scheduledtomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them.
Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC.
Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours ...
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why cant the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
Congrats toandon a great five years!
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
In the general course of human nature, a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will. - Alexander Hamilton
Thanks Rick.
If you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it. - Think Big
For accurate reporting of myspeech, read
According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work.
ViaPalin, Trump Get Longer Speaking Slots at CPAC by
My best wishes.
Thank you Dennis.
Thanks Jeff.
Glad to hearwill be staying onElizabeth has great presence &amp; doesnt back down from sharing her views.
Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap &amp; Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.
...Those stupid people boughtcompany (of which he owned a piece).
You have to have a good reason for doing what youre doing, because people connect with the why.Midas Touch
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with.
The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful.
Great and good luck!
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
ViaTrump:The Most Over-rated Man in Politics
Help fight autism--go to website fordonations &amp; government activation.
. You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the New Blue Monster
Myspeech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks.
When you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
.... Do I get the credit for this? Thank you!
Myint. re: Tigers victory at Trump'smy WH tour offer and CPAC
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads, even before she thought seriously about running...
. has less TV persona thanany other person I can think of. Hes an arrogant, crude, dope who met some very stupid people...
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters.
Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
Thanks and good luck.
Whenhad his own show, The Benefactor, it totally bombed!
Via Trump Offers to Fund White House Tours
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.
--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961
...... &amp;
All-Star Celebritycontinues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel
ViaDonald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio knows how to prioritize!
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop.Captain is a warrior &amp; winner.
Donald Trump: The View Will be Better without Joy Behar (Video)via
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatmentDonate to
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
.is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
..... He knows I dont respect him.
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Toursvia
Thanks Spence.
Congratulations toon celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!
Autism Speaks, head up by Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright, does a fantastic jobif only we had more people like them! To help:
Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity.
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral.
Go to Trump National Doral, Miami, and watch Tiger, Phil, Ernie, Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ!
Trump has big plans for improving via
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
I will be live tweeting during thetonight at 9PM ET.
Thank you.
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
RTACU Announceswill be a featured speaker at #CPAC2013!Get tickets today at
On the whole, the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.
you should run for president #genius #Trump2016Thanks!
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
. - Wow - Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC
ViaDonald Trump aims to bring luxury to Doral Golf Resort &amp; Spa
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!
Good luck.
Its important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. Its part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
Thanks Raul.
Good goal.
ViaDonald Trump, Rory McIlroy and Matt Kuchar are guys to watch at
what's the next step you accomplish so much, is there more? Much more - stay tuned!
Golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration,assessment, technique &amp; passion...it's all there.
I'm at Trump Doral right now, Tiger will tee off shortly.
Without momentum theres a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
Great!
Agree--thanks!
Thanks Becky.
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.Looks like a good season for charities.
Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smart...or all?
Just arrived at Trump National Doral, saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp; see for yourselves!
ViaTrump will speak at CPACby
The WGCleadership board is available here:
Thanks.
Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebritythis Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises!
Huge fan ofi think is a very intelligent and tenacious man. Big role model to me. Thank you.
Good morningStarted reading Think Big yesterday and already almost finished. Thank you for writing it Thanks
ViaTrump 'blowing up'after WGC-by
RTWHAT?!is speaking at #CPAC2013? This conference just became, like, a hundred times more awesome!
Dateline NBC, featuring yours truly, just set a season high in households in the ratingsno wonder NBC likes me so much!
Hi Hallmar.
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
named you as #3 greatest celebrity momentGreat!
What do you think of Gary's definition off-u-n?
Good subject, good luck!
Good to hear, enjoy!
RTThanks! RT You guyshave one hell of a leaderboard. Love this Tournament.
Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not, initially, a group effort. Keep your focus. Read Midas Touch.
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
Will Plan B miss Trace?
Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.Midas Touch
Via DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPACby
John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be on joe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!
ViaTrump to Speak at CPAC #CPAC13
You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big, but be realistic.Think Big
are they going too low for you at Trump Doral? Yes
When youre at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observerof yourself and others.Think Like a Billionaire
Happy Birthday Tiffany.
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction?
Thanks Evan and good luck.
Thanks Brad.
Which team is your favorite?
Great
ViaLast year, it was Tiger Woods with the walk-off#TrumpDoral
It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television.
You are a true champion.. just started a company n I'm reading ur book 'the art of the deal' ..tremendous help..
Re: Decisions:Cover your bases, then ask yourself this question: What am I pretending not to see? This can save a lot of time &amp; trouble.
. hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star CelebrityMake surewatches!
Thanks Michael.
Good luck!
#CPAC ticket sales spike dramatically after inviting Are you surprised!
Good thing to remember.
SurpriseChina has spies throughout NASA stealing our R&amp;DWhen will we ever make them pay for espionage?
Its been great making so many new friends at Trumpfor theGood luck to everyone!
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC:American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
I wish him the best of luck.
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
Thanks Jessica.
first day at Doral was awesome; greens looked perfect. Can't wait to see the course after your changes
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.
It was just announced thatsong DonaldTrump went platinumtellMac Miller to kiss my ass!
There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa.
Follow TrumpWGCleadership board here at
ACU ANNOUNCES DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS CPAC 2013via
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
Good Morning,. I admire your leadership &amp; look forward to hearing you speak next week. Thank you!
great couple! Thank you!
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
It will be fantastic--be sure to visit.
What?!LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
Thanks, good choice &amp; good luck.
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
Good luck!
My interview w/re:&amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump
ViaMajor makeover: Trump has big vision for Doralby
GREAT!
. looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprentice
The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
2.The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity
Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon!
Thanks!
China has announced it is fully prepared for a currency warOutrageous - they have no fear of our leaders.
To show you how dishonest some of the press is, they took my funny &amp; (cont)
Thanks Matt.
How comesnotices everyone but me and my tweets to him! Read my tweets sir! Big fan. your my idol. Thanks.
I cant believe he would chooseas his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
Hateand bill Maher. Love ya Donald. Lets buy some property together. Great deals here in FlaThanks.
If you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.Think Big
I always believedwas making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but...
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
Celebrity Apprentice is not just great entertainment, its also schooling for the business world. Thanks!
I wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol' US of A any chance of that? Yes!
If you love what you're doing, motivation is never a problem.
It's all about jealousy. You should just ignore their false reporting. But I'd rather expose them as losers!
just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling! Thanks.
3.You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebritys name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.
Thanks.
needs to next US president!! Thanks Josh.
Myinterview re: firingon the premiere of All-Star&amp; politics
Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!
Thanks Vincent!
ViaDonald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel
Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S.
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. Ill be there all week
Evenis impressed by#CelebApprentice
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.
Looks likeis up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
I'm with trump! Thanks!
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.
Other than yourself - what's the ONE reason why I should watch #CelebApprentice this season?? Gary B.
Thank you - very nice (and true)!
. wins 10-11 oclock hour in all key ratings demographics, including, most importantly, the 18-49 age group.
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
Mr. Trump I just love your show. I have seen every season!! Thanks it is great entertainment! Julie Wind Love
Thank you.
how much would it take for you to make out with Rosie O'Donnell? One trillion, at least!
I can't wait for thetomorrow!!!!! Thanks Mike.
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night onIt is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice TRUMP PRESIDENT 2016 Great
I do wish people would stop RT-ing Piers Morgan. A life without Piers in it is a much better lifeWrong!
I can't wait for the big show tomorrow. I've had it circled on the calendar for months. Great Blake!
Esquire is irrelevant, mo one reads it anymore and no one cares. True!
. andreally hate each other. #CelebApprentice
Thanks Rich.
you're such a role model i'm a big fan Thanks Eduardo!
Despite previous tweet, Dennis Rodman would do a better job than the current (cont)
Thanks Janise!
who's Chris Jackson? A total loser but a loyal follower!
Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!
Thanks!
Thanks.
thank you for supporting the #wwe back in the early days and now can't wait to see you inducted
. andwill be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
should run for president next election RT #Trump4Prez Thanks for such nice words.
I'll always likebecause she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
Great advice!
. is right- he won the show because I know how to play the game. #CelebApprentice
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher!Get going now and feel good about yourself!
what are your thoughts for being selected into the #2013 Hall of Fame forA great honor!
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
Thanks for the nice words Irv!
can't wait for Celebritytomorrow!! #bestshowonTV #yourefired #Trump4Prez Thanks S.
it's still publishing? Barely!
True and thanks John!
Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday.
Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP until dopey Bill is canned!
youre responding to everyone else BUT me don Not anymore Nicole, thanks.
Mr. Trump, I loved when you called into the Howard Stern show. It was so real and insightful! Thanks.
just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling!
Mr. Trump will you be at Doral next week so I can shake your hand again on the 5th tee? Yes!
Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9.
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little...
Thanks.
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
I agree, it's a beautiful course to play. Thanks.
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit.
Thanks Sven and good luck.
Rory, Tiger, Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.
. looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
. is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
1. Each week, you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebritiesusing Twitter...
Additionally,ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54age group.
Thanks!
. must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
. as a cashier- a big mistake by#CelebApprentice
Thanks Mary.
Would love to get a reply fromHuge fan of The Celebrity Apprentice and supporter of Mr. Trump. Thanks!
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!
. are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
do you think #JodiArias is guilty? Yes, no doubt
your opponents can't compete against the ratings machine that you are. Thanks, very nice!
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came inand nowdead silence!
just book Trump Las Vegas, for a few nights vacation with my kids (15,13,10). Will we like it? Yes, is great!
Did you ever think #TheApprentice would be the ratings machine it is for so long? No, but who ever knows.
Excellent.
Mostly my father.
Karl Roves stupid ad made Ashley Judd hotnow everybody is talking about her.
Happy Birthday.
Wow--very nice, thanks.
Thanks Ed.
The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays, less than 2%. Wheres the problem?
Thank you.
Thanks Kayla, enjoy.
awe, get better fast little one.xoxoxoThanks Roxanne.
Thanks Gaby.
ViaDonald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom
Ifpeople knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderfulat all. --
Michelangelo
True!
Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Getto run an ad against you and you will win.
Wrong--not even close!
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard &amp; quick. Rebuild the US first.
This Sunday, March 3rd, at 9 PM EST on
Today marks the one year anniversary ofpassing. Andrews mission &amp; legacy still lives on.
Being the best requires full-time attention and application.Midas Touch
By popular request,I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.).
Sikorsky 76
Be sure to watch The History of WrestleMania onMy interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
Thanks Tessa.
Thanks Jacqueline.
To succeed, one must be creative and persistent. - John H. Johnson
Who would have thought that anchampion would return to compete?returns to All-Star
Over the years, I've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.Think Big
True!
Remember, no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesnt come overnight.But if u work hard &amp; love it, u will find success &amp; luck.
Thanks.
Good work, Pam.
Thank you.
Donot go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave atrail.
--RalphWaldo Emerson
Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroomvia
Newly minted diplomatis a completely different competitor in All-StarDennis is a legend!
It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!
I fully understand that side of the argument.
RTGet ready,fans!promises plenty of mean and nasty action..
I am very proud ofperformance in the record 13th season of All-StarWatch.
Everyone is excited forreturn to All-Star Be warned, this time Gary is even more insane!
Isnt it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for universal background checks?!'
True!
Thanks, enjoy!
Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
I love love love Mr. Trump he is my heroThanks.
mark Burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job. Your Producer is also your opponent? Don't care,love to win
Fantastic.
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...
.and the rest of your favorites are back! All-Starpremieres Sunday...
Thank you - so nice.
The Apprentice.Great show! Thanks.
. and me at a press event for All-Starearlier today at
I will.
Thanks Rose.
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now, you deserve it!
... Roves ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!
I am happy that The Job on CBS, the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice, was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!
who should they looking at? I would tell@ CNN if they were smart enough to ask!
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran &amp; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
where do you find the time? and energy? any special dietJust have no choice but to move forward.
Thanks Matthew!
7 months.
Donald Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice'via
The Trump Doral'sis Floridas premiere golf-tournament. I'll be there! Tickets available here:
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
Thanks and good luck.
Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given herunreal!how stupid can we get?
Remember, this Sunday I am also featured onat 8PM, right before the premiere of All-Star likes me!
Erin Burnett, who has no ratings on CNN in prime time, now wants more money to move to the morning slot.should say no way.
Thank you.
Many people have said that.
Donald Trump Explains Why He Called Django Unchained 'Racist' In Tweetvia
Due to popular demand,returns to the 13th season of All-StarLisa's fans won't be disappointed!
There is none.
You havent seen fireworks until you see&amp;go at it again! Lets just say its no happy reunion
Happy Birthday &amp; enjoy NYC.
What is wrong with theNow they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to ObamaPathetic.
If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election, hed better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...
Karl Roves ads are the worst in political history!
Not much!
Interesting.
Thanks Rob and good luck.
Championloves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in
Thanks.
Swing hard.
Thanks Davis.
True and thanks.
Thanks Scott.
As China is built on corporate espionage, currency manipulation &amp; cheap labor, its economy is a ticking time bomb
Thanks M.
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless youreThen you just blame the Tea Party.
Thanks.
I will be ontonight.Always have a good time with Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
Thanks Go Angelo, people are now really aware of my ties, shirts, and cuff links at Macy's-
I win, no contest!
Made a mistake but will recover.
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80,000 people at MetLife Stadium, Wrestlemania.
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
On Jimmy Fallon tonight.
I will--thanks--Success is fantastic.
. and me at thethis morning.
Can't wait for Apprentice to start up again , i have watched Every Season #yourfired Thanks.
Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide.
Thanks Laura--found out via your twitter!
A certain whack job, Go Angelo, who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's....
One of my favorite celeb that I follow is definitelyhands down #success #truthThanks.
There is no comparison betweenand Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands...
Flashback: Donald Trump: $200M plan for DoralviaTrump Doral'sis one week away!
Vince is fantastic!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you haveimagined. --
HenryDavid Thoreau
Is everything ok over thereI actually got some good press from them today.
He's great!
ViaDonald Trump to Be Inducted into WWE Hall of Fame
Yes and thanks.
. I emulated you for a speech in 8th grade. I look up to you. #htm #purduecal #accreditedThanks.
ViaDonald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice'
I often ask that question myself.
Thanks Bryon.
can't wait to watch the best show ever!! #theapprentice Thanks.
Great news -has fully recovered and will be back onthis coming Monday.Barbara is wonderful!
..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event, I'm sure he is a nice guy!
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage forto take away the right of employees to work at home.
just bought a Trump series mattress.... Awesome and exactly what you expect from Trump. Thanks
I'll be watching! Break a Leg! Thanks.
Myshow interview withdiscussing the fierce competition in All-Star
You are a person someone should aspire to be #dedication #commitment Thanks.
. must be doing something right ifsadly rated the 4th ugliest celebrity according tois attacking him.
... Also, if theyre at home who the hell knows what theyre doing (a second job maybe).
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
great appearance!Thanks.
Wind turbines are a disaster!
Great and thanks.
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance, Success!
Donald I watched you on Fallon. I love you and always have. How bout a tweet back :) Thanks.
Thanks Kim.
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
2016... Running for President? #Trump2016 Thanks.
True and thanks.
I read your books, and I think America would do itself a favor to elect you as President.Thanks.
ViaDonald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame
Great!
Must-see morning clip: Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity Apprentice'via
True!
Dopeystill owes me $5M for charity.I hope he pays up beforefires him--which will happen!
Great architect!
..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan, never saw the guy in back.
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.They dont want Hagel either.Just following Obamas orders.
Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!
The rulingconsultant class of losers likehave no respect for the Tea Party.They do this at their own peril!
I had a look round Trump International Golf Course in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is Stunning. Thanks
Sunday March 3rd onat 9 PM EST
The all starlooks awesome from the clip I just watched on Thanks.
They usually put the leftovers on Friday, like Shark Tank.
Be passionate about your work, focus, and never give up.
. next time you have a rallytry getting 12 people instead of 11it would be much more effective!
But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country? -George Steinbrenner
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
Thanks Terry.
Everyone loves TVs darlingBut wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
Looking forward to theat Trump Doral next week, 3.6.-3.10.Cant wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral
... and pay per view records with Battle of the Billionaires in Detroit. It was a wild day!
Donald is a stud. On Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon tonight, he was sharp as a tack.Thanks.
Heading over to and Michael re. Apprentice!
I wishwould teach me all his little secrets to successGood idea!
Thanks--very nice.
Proud of you, bruh. Thanks!
Donald Trump Reviews Oscars: Django 'Racist,' Ceremony 'Boring,' Set 'Tacky'...via
you should run for president! Thanks,very nice!
Myinterview withdiscussing the new season of All-Star
favorite family will always be the trumps Thanks.
One of the reasons, I assume, I was inducted into theHall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of
awwww... I freakin love celeb apprentice and&amp;Thanks.
your the man Donald . #Trump16 Thanks.
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into theHall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
ViaTrump to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame
Thanks and good luck.
Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Starpremieres.Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM onBig!
Wow, what a great honor--thanks.
The Pope should not have resignedhe should have lived it out. It hurts him, it hurts the church...
ontomorrow morning is going to be great. Donald is such an entertaining interview. Thanks.
Thanks Bryan.
Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland.
My interview w/ondiscussingbangs &amp; All-Star
Donald Trump: Yahoo, Marissa Mayer Are Right; Employees Should Not Work From Homevia
Amy is terrific!
Country music starreturns to All-Star Competing forTrace is great!
...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!
Many people have commented that my fragrance, Successis the best scent &amp; lasts the longest. Try it &amp; let me know what you think!
Great and thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Very tacky set!
Thanks David.
Myinterview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary, our $17T national debt &amp; 2016 election
Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
Thanks--the big question is why!
Thanks Roxanne.
Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it. - Midas Touch
RT Thanks for all the inspirational quotes. Helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :)
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!
wow Timmy;thanks..
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase
I hope so!
Thanks Crysta!
ViaDonald Trump Trashes 'Tacky,' 'Boring' Oscars, Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained
Wow, I was just informed that I'm being inducted into theHall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at
Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck.
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.It cant find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
ViaTrump toSequester Cuts Dont Go Far Enough
Thanks.
Thanks Alex.
Great.
Myre: the sequestration, failure of leadership in DC, China playing us &amp; taking over in 2016
Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in Americawindfarms What a joke!
Thanks Joe.
Thanks.
I will.
RTGood to hearis on board.GOP is the party of free enterprise.Join us as we innovate:
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate.
Thanks, good question/good point.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish. - Michelangelo
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
Interesting and thanks.
.... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
My honor!
In April - thanks.
Next Sunday!
. is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
Dummy goAngelo, keep letting people know how great my shirts, ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware!
... &amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms
Thanks!
Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!
Thanks.
Congrats toa great guy, on winning Daytona!
Thanks Bill!
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?
How did you like Michelle Obamas bangs last night?
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!
No!
Thanks.
Thanks.
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Starpremieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST onBig!
No but thanks.
Thanks.
I'm saying that the Tea Party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!
An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me.....
True.
Come on goAngelo, don't give up now just because your rally at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's.
...So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
Anne Hathaway is a good winner!
Great!
...Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best.
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
Here we go with the Oscars!
Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time.
It will be great.
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazingthe funny thing is, he cant stand them!
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Thanks.
Very good!
Thanks.
Lincoln never sounded like that!
Why do losers &amp; haters always say I wear a wig when they know I dont. Like it or not, its all minejust ask Barbara Walters.
I've had enough of this - good night!
DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARSvia
China is buying gas fields in Texas&amp; stealing our corporate secrets...
Thanks.
Thanks.
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why arent they fighting?
Thanks Scott.
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.
Thanks.
Good idea.
Thanks.
Thanks and good luck!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
I will be on tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked!
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
Thanks Tony.
. you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
Donald Trump visits Doral resort, says hes allaying neighbors concernsvia
My @ WCNC News interview w/touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp; facilities
Thanks.
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan...
Art of the Deal.
My ties &amp; shirts at Macys are doing great. Stupidis making people aware of how good they are!
Thanks.
Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
Interesting article by WHY ROVE AND STEVENS ARE PLAIN WRONG
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
...then he who continues the attack wins. - Ulysses S. Grant
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten...
Thanks Joseph.
...Doesnt seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo wont workmy ties &amp; shirts doing too well at Macys--he's actually helping. I have no damages!
Thanks Tyler.
Thanks.
Do you understand sarcasm?
Thanks Jenny.
Thanks.
Thanks, great.
Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!
Yes, she is very tall--5'10
Thanks.
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us, and if we dont get smart and tough soon, they will.
Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.- loser!
Thanks.
Republicans must be careful with immigrationdont give our country away.
Thanks Michael.
Thanks Boris, good luck.
Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
Thanks.
O.K. write me.
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-StarOn March 3rd at 9PM ESTthe fireworks return to the Board Room!
A Hall.
The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to mea very sad situation for everyone!
Thanks.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.- Douglas MacArthur
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC- Championship on March 6th-10th...
Thanks Sandy.
Thanks!
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing!
ViaPhotos: Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club
Despite all the statements to the contrary, Obamas policies will increase taxes on everyone Enjoy!
Thanks.
Thanks Andey.
...While I fully agree, it is not politically correct!
Thanks.
Thanks.
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
What would All-Starbe w/out a Baldwin?is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
Thanks.
Vince McMahonand I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
Thanks Piers, you helped make it so!
A toy next to The Apprentice -just a friday fill in!
Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes, it's doing well! Thanks.
Thanks.
Im really saddened to see thatwas voted the 4th ugliest celebrity according to
Thanks Alan.
Thanks
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff.
Thanks.
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Thanks.
Great Chris.
Loser!
Thanks Angie for your comments.
Thanks Scott. .
Thanks Paul.
Apessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
Great.
Thanks.
Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
The Job on CBS, the 15th copy of The Apprentice, was just cancelled - I love it!
Thanks.
Dopey, nobody is laughing at me!
Thanks Craig!
... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC- Championship
Thanks K.
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.Harry S. Truman
I am hearing thatDigital Directoris doing great work expanding and modernizingsocial media.Goodwe need it.
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Congrats to Miss Universe 2011&amp;greaton their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
Sadly, it's worthless!
Former winner returns to All-StarMarch 3rd onBret shows once again why he is a champion!
Dummywho had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his massive rally at Macys is trying to get publicity for self by using me
Thanks.
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.Think Big
That's why you're a failure!
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
Hi Robert--good luck.
Thanks!
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
Thank you.
. To the news bigs --elevate Dianne Gallagherimmediatelyshe is terrific!
Thanks!
Thanks and good luck!
Thanks.
Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself. Donald J. Trump
Thanks Jerry. Good luck.
Idiotalways forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity, that he expressly offered.
. says that the Iraelis are controlling our government Let's fire him a second time.
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida.
thanks
Not only did Egypt destroy its civil society w/ the Muslim Brotherhood, now it is a complete economic mess
Trump: 'I like North Carolina, we are looking at another deal'via
Thanks.
Trump: Rove 'Made a Fool Out of Himself'via
March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count.
Thanks.
Focus on your goals, work hard and never give up. Good luck!
Thanks.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Dopey--Big success and great for Scotland!
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers, then you havent spent enough time on it.
Thanks Lou.
I will.
Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte, is the premiere club in North Carolina. Will visit tomorrow.
I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers, you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly. - Dr. Jerry Buss
If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter. - George Washington
In my office with Banana Joe, who just won theat
Thanks Eileen!
Great going.
Thanks Brianna!
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
Thanks Neil.
Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude.
#1 = be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow. With passion, discouragement can't take hold.
Thanks Adam!
My exclusiveinterview withdiscussing Trump National North Carolina &amp; future deals
Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it.
Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts. China is not an ally but our country's greatest threat &amp; rival.
All-Starhas done the impossible. TV's greatest villain&amp;are in competition. Fireworks!
Thanks!
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.OPEC is laughing at us.
Thanks!
People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interviewyou can access it on
Remember, if you don't promote yourself, then no one else will! Likewise, believe in yourself--or no one else will either.
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.Much appreciated.
ViaDonald Trump on how Rubio should have drank his water
Keep at it!
That's right, hard work it is. But worth it.
Looks likeis having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
Hi Chris.
Good. Never give up!
Looking forward to speakingInternational Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte, NC
Watch what happens, dummy--it won't be pretty.
Good news -is going to fight back against Roves attack on the Tea PartyGo get em!
Thanks.
Thank you Edward.
No surprise, with the talk of amnesty in DC, illegal immigration is picking up in Arizona
Chuck Hagels nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days.A lot can happen.
Thanks Will.
Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.Think Big
Thanks--keep up the good work.
I never want someone working for me who doesnt want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldnt want to be there, either.
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!
Good!
Dianne Gallagheris a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte, NC. Fantastic interview--thanks!
Complete is good.
You're right--billions.
Thanks!
Thanks--will be great!
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!
Seriously!
You're absolutely right.
Thanks.
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times.
Good idea.
Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better!Best wishes.
Thanks, see you tomorrow.
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
WowFamily Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagreeI am very modest.
ViaDonald Trump: Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around'
That's good news! Congrats.
Keep up the good work Cynthia.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.
If Im the third most envied man in America, the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.
Thank you.
Thank you Andy and best wishes to you.
Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost, expand your focus. - Midas Touch
ViaTrump to speak to GOP
Thanks and good luck.
Thanks
Thanks Dom.
I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself.
It will be great--thanks.
Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinnerviaRecordcrowd expected.
thanks
Myinterview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/ US Airways-American merger &amp; oil
Great to seeCaptain Derek Jeter back on the field.He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
Happy birthday Matt.
All-Starpremiering March 3rd onfeatures terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Very nice--thank you!
Today.
Great success!
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
Speaking to a record crowd of over 20,000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morninglook forward to it!
. need to face realitynot one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
Thanks!
Definitely exciting.
Looking forward to being interviewed on thetonight at 6:30 PM EST.Be sure to listen!
True--isn't it sad!
Great and best of luck!
Thanks--work hard &amp; good luck.
ViaDonald Trump Vows to Fight Scottish Wind Farm Plan in Courts
Myinterview discussing Obama's SOTU, Rove's attack on theTea Party &amp; All-Star
Congratsfor being ranked #1 onand a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
. Tea Party rebuttal to Obamas SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!
Sounds like a good idea to me!
Will be great--thanks.
Thanks Thomas!
Thanks Tom.
Work hard, focus, be persistent and think smart.
I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama.
Thanks--work hard every day!
Thanks Dorian--it pays to persevere.
If US Air &amp; American Airlines are allowed to merge, ticket prices will skyrocketthere willbe no competition.
Sounds interesting.
Happy birthday!
Great and thanks Paul.
Everyone's favorite frontman, Twisted Sisterlead singerreturns to this years All-StarDee does great!
Thanks--read my books, they can help.
Work hard!
Dummy, I never went bankrupt.
I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp; American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market.
Thanks Kelly.
Thanks.
Thanks Gilberto and good luck.
Shes back! Championreturns to the boardroom in this years All-StarJoan is ferocious.
Recognize the opportunity, focus on it, and don't give up. Luck is often earned.
Great--and good luck!
Interesting!
Thanks Amelia!
Very good!
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans.Despite being mistreated by everyone, includingthey will continue to fight on
I will try!
It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful.
But Rosie is smarter than
Thanks Robert.
Donald Trump on Mark Levin: Karl Rove is one of the most overrated people in politicsvia
Anytime!
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.Pres. John F. Kennedy
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
Hi Evelina.
Thanks--they are good kids!
The harder you work, the luckier youget. - Gary Player
True!
Thanks and good luck.
Thanks Kari.
Wow, Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto!
Thanks Susan.
Wall Street Journal &amp; lots of others, including television.
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
Good luck!
Trump: Rove Gave Us Obamavia
Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement, not an elective.
Really enjoyed my interview withHe is terrific!
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
Via WAR! TRUMP, LEVIN PUMMEL ROVE AS CONSERVATIVE BATTLE ESCALATES
Looking forward to it--thanks.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time youre expanding your net worth.
Thanks Tony, good luck.
Great school--thanks!
March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
Thanks and good luck.
Much worse!
Thanks!
True!
Okay, great!
What a shockhigher taxes are slowing retail spending Wait until 2014 when Obama Care is fully implemented.
You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks.
And I look forward to it--big crowd.
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
Hi Jessica and thanks.
When will people realize thatis not an intellectual, but actually a rather dumb guyjust look at his past.
. is a fantastic guy!
Thanks--glad it was good.
Thanks--just common sense.
Thanks Brian and good luck.
Thanks Jarred.
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottlewould have much less negative impact.
Yes.
Thanks.
It will be great!
Yes, but we must act soon.
Thanks Darren.
March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge, we are back to the days of monopoly.
Whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself Am I thinking BIG?
Good! and good luck!
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
Thanks!
Be confident, pay attention--and good luck.
Thanks Jake.
To all young college graduatesstick in there, keep your head up and make sure you dont miss any opportunities. They are out there.
Good luck!
Always pretend that youre working for yourself. Youll do a wonderful job. Its simple, but it works.
Its okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
Yes.
Great column byonKarl Rove Is Done
Surprisedsigned Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick istalented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long.
Interesting!
Donald Trump: Karl Rove Is A Total Loser, So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money? via
I dont know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummybut have an obligation to charity to bring it.
. ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Juddsimply increases her profile.
Keep your focus and never give up.
Thanks.
Preview of Obamas SOTU: More taxes, bigger government, shrink the private sector, end the Republicans &amp; bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent.
Thank her for me!
SEAL who shot Bin Laden is unemployed &amp; cant feed his familyEveryone can get welfare but this SEAL cant eat!
Great, good luck.
is a total loser...save your money!
I was never a fan or defender of Bush.
True!
ViaTweet of the Day
I like Joe Paterno and his family.
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago. gave a strong speech.Shes great!
How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
Work hard and keep at it!
How doesemploywith a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of a special is that? Complete garbage!
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of SpainWe must do better or we will be Greece.
Every business has surprises, hidden dangers beneath the surface, and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.
Magician extraordinaireis back in the All-StarThis time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roofgood timing!
Thank you.
Can you imagine ifsaid about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)the press would run him out of the country...
Good!
Going to Charlotte, NC to speak before more than 20,000 people on Saturday morningtotal sellout crowdwill be great!
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
Thanks, I am.
... butis allowed to say that about me.
Thanks.
NY should frack now. Whats the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
Congratulations to my friendon winning the big golf tournament today!
. is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
Very nice, thanks Rachel.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
Good luck!
I dont like bullies.I am not going to stand around and watchtarget the Tea Party.Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Trump to build second Scottish coursevia
. so called show on HBO must be the cheapest special produced in the history of television--- it sucks!
Good luckand nice hat!
Hi and thanks.
Thanks Cam.
Thanks--but they should get a life.
Why doeslie about his Reagan credentials?Hes a Bushie through and through.
Definitely worth it.
Well, Trace will now have a second chance.
Yes, absolutely. There are always opportunities and therefore hope. Good luck Carsen!
Yes, if they fight!
Have confidence, work hard, and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
Donald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicansvia
Thanks to Donald TrumpviaMy pleasure Jeffrey!
Thanks.
Trump: I Love the Tea Party, They Love Mevia(cross posted on
Checkbackground &amp; you will find he is not a smart guyhe just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy.
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves.Harvey Mackay
ViaTrump reveals routing for second course in Scotland
Thanks Darren.
Good idea.
The Presidents speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans dont know how to handle thatI do.
Another must read from Jeffrey LordRove Email Leaks: Ideological War Opens in GOP
Just a small percentage.
Great news -are starting their own Super PAC to fight (viaGo get em!
Thanks.
ViaDonald Trump Blasts Beyonc for Suggestive Super Bowl Show
Successful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward. Dr. Benjamin Carson
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout, with five sets of tees ranging from 7,540 yards to 5,630.
But he will get it!
Hello.
Dummyforgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully, charity gets $5M dollars.
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts.
See the Ashley Judd ad byand you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
What do you think of my suingfor $5M for charity? He made an offer, I accepted.
RTTrump Int'l Golf Club West Palm Beach is spectacular. Almost makes me wish I had time to play/learn/like golf.
I am right--current tense.
It's about time!
Sorry, butis a good &amp; smart man who is doing really well. Thats why he won
A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....
Not a bad idea--thanks!
Donald Trump: Karl Rove Has Done Ashley Judd A Favorvia
Isincompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
. looks amazing in 2000
Ashley Judd Targeted bySuper PAC in Ad (Video)
I went to Wharton, made over $8 billion, employ thousands of people &amp; get insulted by morons who cant get enough of me on twitter...!
Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove!
While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Normana magnificent place &amp; doing really well!
Thanks Doug, Skylar and Tammy.
I agree.
I hope so!
Thanks!
In Charlottesville, Virginia...
Keep fighting and learning!
Thanks Paul.
Thanks.
Thanks Jimmy.
Thank you.
True, and thank you.
Thanks Tom.
Wow--thanks.
Donald Trump, Ed Koch, and the Ice Skating Rink: A Tale of Bureaucracy
Erick--Thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years!
Just as I predicted, immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300BMore money borrowed from China.
Thanks and that's good news. Good luck.
Thanks a lot Megan.
Great--and great city!
Great, thanks.
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
Very kind, thanks.
True and thanks!
Now A-Rod is claiming thatandare out to get him' He should just get the hell out of NYC already!
Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work.
Back by popular demand, this years All-Starsees the return ofOur fans love her.
Knowledge requires patience; action requires courage.Put patience and courage together and youll be a winner.
Thanks.
I have just responded!
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowedonly in America!
Thanks Doris.
True and thank you.
Thanks Penn, will be interesting--see you soon!
Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp; careful.
Thanks!
Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.
True!
Thanks.
True and thank you.
Thanks--food for thought!
Thanks Michael.
Great!
A-Rods forgery defense is blownThe more he lies, the worse it's going to get.want out of his contract
Can you imagine if Bushs administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
Once again, thanks Nathalie.
Thanks.
Myinterview withdiscussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit againstto the end
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday No more aid.
Happy Birthday Ray.
People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6, 1911June 5, 2004)
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better.
Must read article: Conservative Fury at Rove EruptsBy Jeffrey Lord
What are the dates for the hotel stay?
Yes.
Thanks Ricardo.
Great! Good luck.
Thanks.
Thanks Suz for your comments.
Thanks Jane.
Great going Mark.
Congratulations toon the 11 year anniversary of'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
Democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle Republicans&amp; the Republicans just dont fight backno energy!
Thanks--will do.
Thanks.
100% true.
Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances
Thank you, nice work.
Thanks.
Karl Roves strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
Thanks Andrea and good luck.
Thanks!
Thanks.
Great! Keep working hard.
Interesting!
Thanks, enjoy.
. Hall of Famerrebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-StarGreat guy!
The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp; How To Get Rich.
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country!
The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII Need to loosen regulations and lower taxes.
Thanks Owen.
Take the time to make it great.
Be careful!
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.
Thanks Andrew.
Thank you.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where youre coming from.
China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense.Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?
Okay thanks.
Know everything you can (update daily) &amp; cover your bases.
Thanks Jack!
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
. My interview with Howard Stern this morning!
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
ViaMaher Being Sued by Trump Over Birth Certificate Bet on 'Tonight Show'
In retrospect I agree with you.
Terrible CBO forecast for 2013--1.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) You get what you vote for!
Thanks and good luck.
Thanks.
Even better, government kills by drones but we can't even own guns.Thanks Erik.
That's good news!
Good luck.
Sorry, have to be a member.
Thanks--my honor!
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
Donald Trump dedicates second Scottish golf course to beloved mother Maryvia
Trumpis hosting the WGCfrom March 6th10th.Join me--I will be there all four days.
Could be true--thanks.
You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.Think Like a Billionaire
Yes!
China is buying our shale and gas fields&amp; Obama still wont approve KeystonePathetic!
The Art of the Deal.
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicansfor the worse!
True and true!
I am very proud of my friendDespite her recent loss,she gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
$4 gasolinewowOPEC is very happy!
Wise words from my father:Know everything you can about what youre doing. Fred C. Trump
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
Glad to hear&amp;are standing up toattack on the Tea Party.
Nice--thanks.
Wow--that would certainly be interesting.
Great!
Thank you.
I dont know whether I will win or lose thelawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
. returns in All-Star 2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
True!
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Thanks!
And that's okay.
Thank you.
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success.
Myinterview re:blackout,stupid comment &amp; suingf/$5M
Wise words from my mother:Trust in God and be true to yourself.Mary MacLeod Trump
Thanks!
True and thanks.
True and not good!
Thank you very much.
Thanks--work hard.
Then why do you follow me dummy!
March 3rd, 9 pm EST on
Work hard (and smart!)
Thanks.
Keep going!
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals. - David Ogilvy
Very nice--thanks again.
ViaDonald Trump Issues Statement Regarding $5 Million Lawsuit Against Bill Maher
Be sure to listen to my interview today w/ on Congratulations to Steve on his new show!
Yes.
. has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.Theexcitement is playing the game.The Art of The Deal
A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.
Just the beginning!
Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you. --
Thanks.
Thanks Anthony.
Had a great time on theshow this morninghe will and should never change!
Be smart &amp; work hard!
. didnt come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
True and thanks!
Thanks Nathalie.
They were amazing, thanks!
Thanks, coming up soon, March 3rd.
Hi Erica...and thanks.
Thank you.
Which hotel?
She was great!
Yes and thanks.
Gas prices are going up big leagueI told you sopayback to OPEC!
Actually, too many to pick one.
Yes.
Thanks.
Again, immigration reform is finebut dont rush to give away our country. Thats whats happening!
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy, even more reason to start fracking.Will create jobs &amp; lower prices.
Thanks.
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty toand now she is doing great.
Thanks.
Thanks.
A great beauty!
He was great--loved Kew Forest.
Now the Chinese are hacking &amp; TwitterWhen will we hold these thieves accountable?
True and thanks.
Yes--leadership!
China is about to acquire 82,800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field What are we doing!
Mary--Great!
Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?Thats just another way of saying know yourself &amp; know your competition.
I also plan to keep making deals, big deals, and right around the clock.The Art of The Deal
Thanks Ric.
If Karl Rove &amp;Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.
Great--thank you!
Speak to Vince.
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling thecase for me.
Sadly, that's right.
Thanks and yes.
Yes.
No discounts, only penalties!
Appears that you are.
That's right.
Thanks4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
I agree!
LittleI want the money not the plaque you gave me!
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6MMore money borrowed from China.
Glad to hearhas moved over toErick is a sharp political analyst.
Tea.
Good idea!
I do!
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works. - Think Big
Which they should!
That is indeed true!
. See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities
Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...
Let other people talk.Any business conversation should be two-sided.Think Like a Billionaire
Bad.survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they wont be around in a year.
Partnerships also require negotiation. It should be a win-win setup. Otherwise, its not a partnership.Midas Touch'
Littleyou illegally used my name for your song Donald Trump which now has over 75 million hits.
Thanks Roger--Ali was and is great!
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.Think Like a Billionaire
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood, just called the Holocaust a myth
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
Not really!
Thanks Drew. Good luck.
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming.Growth is everywhere in the world, except for the US.
I love that idea!
As promised, mypick is the San Francisco
Not good!
You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.Think Big
Thank you!
Thanks.
3 minutes.
Donald Trump to name golf course after mothervia
Thanks Jay.
Littlehave more hair than you do and theres a slight age difference.
True!
. Flashback: WhatLearned from the 'Rock Star of Real Estate'
Another nasty season premieres Sunday, March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC!
Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense.
Good luck!
That's great--you will love what we are doing!
Olivia is great--x10.
Flashback: Donald Trump would fire A-Rodvia10.17.12
I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland.
Thanks.
Thanks!
True!
Faldo to rework two Doral coursesvia
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.
Thanks Cynthia.
Pervert alert--serial sexteris polling to test the waters for NYC political run.
I dont know why thekeep paying A-Rodthey have a perfect out.
.&amp;take no prisoners inboardroom of All StarWhere do they get it from?
Thanks--a great building.
Marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart!
Littlesent me an expensive plaque for making his song Donald Trump such a big hit. Mac, you still...
Just did an interview with my friend Congratulations to Mark on his new show on
Yes, I will give mypick tomorrow.Watchcover it on
LittleIm now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!
Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate. -- The Art of the Deal
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
Ask yourself, is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit.
Good ideas and hard work!
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race.Doing my due diligence
True--good luck!
Don--a terrible story (fact).
Thanks for your kind thoughts, I love S.I.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. - Abraham Lincoln
Thanks and good luck.
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reformand I said zero!
Eric--True!
Only one of-- but thanks!
True.
. Titans: Donald Trump is available to live stream onand Watch!
Many thanks.
See ungrateful Littlestatement to me a year ago- he was kissing my ass!
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all timeno wayit was
I agree!
The upcoming All-Starputs the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.We really pushed the envelope
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. - Napoleon Bonaparte
. are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning don't want him.
Big newsWOWU.S. economy shrinks!
Not even a little bit--thanks.
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himselfIm the only one who is allowed to do that!
RTDonald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--I love it. It is when two ideas intersect &amp; form a new innovation
Littledont need your praise-- just pay me the money you owe.
Thanks.
Thanks Deanna.
Remember peoples names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
Let's see!
Great--enjoy!
Immigration reform is finebut dont rush to give away our country! Sounds like thats whats happening.
Thanks--that's Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower.
New York.
I agree.
True!
Best buildilng and service.
Championis back competing in the upcoming All-StarPremiere is March 3rd onat 9 p.m. EST.
We'll see.
Got to know Senatorin Aspen, Colorado years agoa very solid and stand-up guy.
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for Presidentstay tuned for the answer.
Great and thanks.
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?
But true!
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. -
Yes.
Good idea--enjoy!
Wrong--built world's best golf course that is doing great!
Still waiting to hear fromEvery day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
They call me names but that's ok?
One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.The Art of The Deal
Check her records!
The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program But no thanks to us!
Yes.
Happy Birthday and good luck!
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.Must be all that global warming.
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone. - Henry A. Kissinger
Thanks Euan--We will save Scotland's great beauty--no turbines.
Don't find fault, find a remedy. -- Henry Ford
Thanks Erol.
Thewas very nice in reporting thatwas #1 on all television for top brand impact, 2012. Thank you!
Thanks--they are working on it.
. is at the top of her game in the upcoming season ofAll-Stars. Our fans love her.
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
And many other countries!
True!
Horses went up also!
Work hard and smart!
TVs darlingis back in this years All-Star Marilu is a fierce competitor.
Just as I predicted, people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care Enjoy!
The Republicans better be careful.Obama is out to destroy them!
A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping have a great opportunity to dump him now.Go for it!
The real estate market is slowly improving.Still a great time to buy.You will thank me in 5 years.
The new reality.Chinas economy underpins global demandOur leaders just watched as China took full control.
Everybody says that! Thanks.
True!
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago.
It all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? Thats how much risk you should assume.
Dope!
Be concise.
Me too@ A great place.
True!
Wow, the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Yearthanks!
But not hard enough--good luck Chris.
Boughtstock a year ago for old fashioned reasonI love their product and service.
Thanks Ann.
So true!
True!
Always remember: Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.Think Like a Billionaire
True!
Larry, send the money to Police Athletic League, NYC.
Wow--that's really nice!
Todays assignment: read chapter three of Think Big Basic Instincts. Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street.
Thanks Christopher.
Thanks Matt.
Thanks Dirks--my honor.
I love all sports!
Radio interview w/discussing, why NY must start fracking &amp; staying inprimary
But I doubt it!
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
Hi Nick.
Great!
Is Gov.the stupid one for using the phrase the stupid party when referring to the Republicans?
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel worn paths of accepted success. - John D. Rockefeller
U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes I told you so!
Via Faldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump entertaining
Not even close but that doesn't matter!
Two years ago I told everybody to start looking &amp; buying housesI hope you listened! (but there is still time).
He had very bad advice.
.is rightCalifornia taxes are far too high. Its ridiculous.
Thanks Lynn!
Maybe Im old fashioned but I dont like seeing women in combat.
100% real!
My pleasure.
He's a druggie.
Gov.referred to the Republicans as the stupid party. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
Thanks--stay tuned.
. returns toAll-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!
Thanks Andy.
Thanks Matthew!
Have a great time at a great place!
. is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.He will have a great year.
Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wakestop ugly turbines.
Because my mother was born in Scotland &amp; it will be destroyed by windfarms.
One of the countrys dumbest newspapersThe Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. Its dying.
Happy Birthday.
Great!
Thanks Ellie, I will.
Thanks Larry.
Nathalie--Thanks and best wishes.
I wonder howfeels after last nights love fest between Obama and Hilary onCant be too happy.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. The Art of The Deal
Elliot--I just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at Doral.
60 Minutes treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
Stay tuned!
Not much!
Thanks and enjoy!
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpointa big deal for
March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inauguralI guess the Democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.'
Watch this great behind the scenes video ofSpring 2013 photo shoot-
Great! Good luck!
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...
Thanks Scott.
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
Thanks!
I still cant believe we left Iraq without the oil.
Thank you--a great compliment.
Thanks!
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
Sadly, true!
That is not the reason.
Work hard and thanks.
You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Teos test papers.
True!
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.Michael Jordan
ViaEXCLUSIVE - TRUMP COUNSEL 'CANNOT CONFIRM OR DENY' INTEREST IN BUYING NEW YORK TIMES
Thanks Tiffany.
Thanks Nick.
Wind farms are now being paid to shut downA complete waste.
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceilingI am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed!
Ellis--get well soon!
Just success for our country!
Thanks Bobbie.
By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotlands ugly wind turbines,is playing right intohands.
. is excellent on American Idolgreat touch, solid guy!
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
Be sure to read my column inEurope is terrific place for investment
Thanks.
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - Think Big
Easy--only small area.
Thanks.
Thanks--enjoy your visit.
Very nice, thanks Barb.
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
Thanks Sirio--great food!
You really sound like a loser no-name!
Emil--great &amp; do well with it!
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?Wheres the media?
The Tea Party delivered the House forso they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
Way beyond!
That's true and I love it!
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back.
Congratulations toon his electoral victory.He will now be the longest serving A great leader.
.Gretayoure wrong, Kirsten Powers is a dummywasnt she Anthony Weiners girlfriend?
You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong.
Thanks Steve!
I just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collectionits fantasticunbelievable look. Go to Macys now to buy!
. has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Billyou made a deal.
Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems. - Think Big
Sadly true--but it can change.
Yes I am--I am saving it from wind turbine destruction!
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - Milton Friedman
Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests.
Thanks and good luck.
Not looking like it!
Casandra--It's not--thanks.
Myinterview discussing my video endorsement of and past visits to
When the New York Times sold their beautiful, long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profitthey lost me!
Thanks Heidi.
Hi Justin.
Thank you.
. having top brand impact 2012ahead of Idol, Survivor, X Factor &amp; all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise!
Todays assignment: read Chapter 7 Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property.
Back by popular demand,delivers in the upcomingAll-Stars season. Yes, he sings.
And a dumb guy!
Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits Another tax to the consumer by Obama Care.Enjoy!
Thanks and enjoy.
Happy 8th Anniversary to
I don't go away!
You do, and thanks.
True!
Thanks Myriam--starts on Sunday March 3rdat 9 pm EST
He is too smart to do that!
Thanks--Romney sadly did not resonate!
Here I am withat Mar-a-Lago.
. Barbaraget better fast &amp; stay healthy forever.
Only tell the political truth--thanks.
Thanks Andey.
Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
Via All-Stars' first trailer
That's true!
Winning!
Scary. Over 8,332,000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first termHow did Romney lose that election?
Of course I do--for good of country!
Work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.
There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be.
Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going.
Thanks Timothy.
In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566,000 jobs This is unsustainable for the American worker.
Almost every television network wants me badlybut I stay loyal to
It is Trump!
Hope so!
I do--and say hello to Carson.
Thanks Jedi.
One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o!Why did Lance do that interview?
Lance Armstrong was given very,very bad advice!
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before.
Obamas speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow, he really feels emboldened.
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself what was I thinking?
I wish Presidentthe best of luck in his second term...
Thank you.
The first ever All-Star Celebritypremieres Sunday March 3rd!
Miss Alabamastopped by to say hello today.
Take action every day, and stay focused for the long haul. - Think Big
Thanks Patrick--a great compliment.
Re Lance Armstrongnot only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
IMO--- Manti Teo was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
Golfer bids $130,000 for round with Donald Trump in Scotland for charityvia Evening Express
Thanks.
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. Ill bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Obamas second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
Championtriumphantly returns to 13th season of All StarSpoilerBret is back to his winning ways.
Thanks.
. stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock ingreat company!
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke offor exposing the Manti Teo fiasco.
Great!
... Is a third party coming? I hope not.
March 3rd.
. show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex.
Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp; real girlfriendsnot good for Notre Damebut theyll be back!
Our country, under President Obama, is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together.
You wouldn't believe how tall and beautifulis- 6'5 in heels. She is also a total winner in...
The Presidents speech was very combative toward Republicansthey have obviously not earned his respect!
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther. -- J. P. Morgan
China watched Obamas press conference yesterday salivating.We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice. - Winston Churchill
... to OPEC countries that hate our guts.Its stupid policy.- Time To Get Tough
Thanks Hank.
. apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!
Dumbasshas still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
The interview was great forand terrible for Lance Armstrong!
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
Thank you.
Republicans, dont extend the debt ceilingmake the great deal now!
Thanks Christian and good luck.
Thanks Nick.
Thank you- I did!
. disgusting response will teach me &amp; others not to be nice anymorea sad lesson.
They are total losers.
Wrong!
Not believable that Manti Teo was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
Get ready for the fireworks between&amp;in 13th season of All Star Neither one will back down.
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for Derek is a true champion.
Part of Obamas new-found confidence is that the Republicans arent using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
Most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning.The Art of the Deal
Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell.
is burying itself. 63% of Republican voters thinkCongress is out of touch...
Thank you.
. guys are total losersthey had their story stolen right from under their bad complexionsother media capitalized!
Glad to hearhas hiredto cover She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
Thanks Antoine.
That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe.
Write to Mark Burnett.
I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman votethankfully he did not win.
has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!
Thank you.
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
Thanks Steve.
. was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?
Were singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year...
Well, he's now paying a big price!
Yes, and thanks.
Thanks.
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him!
She can't but I adore her.
Does anyone remember thisclip when he got fired from ABC- in fact, fired like a dog!
Can it just be new age that Manti Teo fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
Trump, Dana-Farber waiting on Bill Mahervia
New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
March 3rd.
Wow...NYT reportswas the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
...or mentally troubled (or a con).
Trump Dorals renovations are right on scheduleOnce completed, it will be the top resort in the U.S.
Hypocrites!new video shows Journal News reporters refusing to designate their homes as gun free
He brought them on himself!
Happy Birthday tomorrow, Matt
. will never make itthey dont understand graciousness or moneyand best guy is leaving?
Dummieshad their big payday taken from them by others in the media.
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!
. with some of my memorabilia.
No
Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...
Yes.
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
Thanks and enjoy.
Myinterview discussing Pres. Obamas inauguration,debt plan &amp;#1 branding
Not negative!
Sad losers!
. needs to cut back on the pot, and maybe he will stop making offers he cant afford.
. should fireand bring backsomeone that is actually funny.
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. does a great job for the country.
Teos imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all timeor hes very stupid.
I won't.
Thanks and good luck.
By the way, folks,is not a smart guy (just look at his past)he just pretends he is!
Thanks.
Thank you.
I won't.
Lance Armstrongs liability &amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfoldhis lawyers will be very happylots of fees!
If you have a crisis, whether on a ship or wherever, there are heroes who rise above it. - Jerry Bruckheimer
I will!
I will try!
First segment of my interview discussingare terrible negotiators &amp; lost all their cards
Thanks, we'll see!
No, held up to storm very well.
A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
Again, dont forget to watchtonight on Fox at 9 oclock EST.
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
Thank you.
Never bet against Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick or Tom Brady!
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
From Bloomberg: Chryslers Jeep expects China production agreement soon.I told you so.
Thanks John.
Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation.
Thanks Bradley.
Great!
Thank you.
Happy Birthday
Theres nothing compassionate about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation. - Time To Get Tough
Donald Trump: If Bill Maher Does Not Pay Off His $5 Million Bet'Then Ill Sue Him'via
According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics.
Thanks.
March 3rd.
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team.
Thanks.
Isthe dumbest man on television?I think so.
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our longest war everbring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again.
We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to Chinalike China does to us.
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran We never should have abandoned Mubarak.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks Dana.
Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm.
Wheres the press?1,484: 72% of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guiltcan that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
Scotland course held up to storm very well.
People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going. --
Thank you.
Remember, as a senator, Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling I guess things change when President?!
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife
. did a great job last night with the
The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if hes telling the truth
Thank you.
Congratulations to Tom Brady-- he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doinghis life is now officially over!
If youre still in school, pay attention.Education is a money machine. Think Like a Billionaire
If someone says Ill bet you ten dollars and loses the bet, its pay up time.
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.You get what you vote for!
... debut her first 2013 Melania Timepieces &amp; Fashion Jewelry collection!
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost. really blew it.
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
Wow, I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.Global warming!
Back by popular demand,returns to the 13th season of All StarShe is fierce in the Board Room!
Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases.The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Thanks!
You can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people dont know about it, its not worth much. - The Art of the Deal
Thanks.
I believe in spending what you have to.But I also believe in not spending more than you should. - The Art of the Deal
Thanks Melanie.
Wrong!
Thanks.
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. -- George S. Patton
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Starwith Stephen does great.
Thanks, enjoy.
I agree.
Thanks.
I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower, but I also had a great product. - The Art of the Deal
Thanks and good luck.
Do your homework before you invest.A dumb investor is a dead investor. Think Like a Billionaire
Dopeyis in for a lot of troubleI hope he has $5 million (for charity).
Thanks.
Hard work is my personal method for financial success.You can do it, too. - Think Big
2nd segment of my interview discussinginsult of parents and sending him $5M bill
Still waiting for a response from Does he even have $5 million?
Thank you and good luck.
Thanks.
I cant believeallowed final touchdowndumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
Thanks.
Sadly, Im probably helpinglowly rated showbut charity will benefit by $5 million so its worth it.
True!
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lews handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretivenot necessarily a bad thing.
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
Lets get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!Rebuild the USA.
Thanks!
. Playmate of the Yearreturns to the 13th season of All Staris smart &amp; beautiful.
True!
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.We should have a speedy withdrawal.Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
DONALD TRUMP TO BILL MAHER: PAY UPvia
Unlike U.S., China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants, we dont. Stupid!
Yes.
I cant wait to donate$5 million to charity.Just waiting onto send me the money.
The charities I have designated fordonations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims....
Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem
Happy Birthday Kristine
Thanks Carly, new season starts March 3rd.
March 3rd
Thanks.
Thank you!
Not easy!
Work hard.
I will.
Happy New Year Sandra.
True.is great at what she does.
Thanks.
Thanks
Money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains. - Think Like a Billionaire
Thanks Jeff
ViaDonald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge
. hall of famerbrings his A game in the 13th season of All Star This time, Dennis is a star!
He's back!returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star
Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defensevia
I will!
Thanks.
ViaDonald Trump sends Bill Maher birth certificate, awaits $5 million
Thanks. Good luck.
Thank you.
True--just terrible.
Thanks.
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun controlWelcome to his 2nd term.
Thank you.
Interesting!
True!
.Keep fighting, Frank! Never give up!
Great--I would rather it be here--by far.
I won't.
Myinterview discussingnew baby, my acceptance of$5M offer &amp; hiring
Not true!
Thank you.
. was so nervous talking about me on theshowIve never seen him like that!
Thanks!
True!
Experience is the teacher of all things. -Julius Caesar
Thanks and good luck.
Stay tuned!
Stay tuned!
Thanks!
Many people agree.
So am I.
...American Cancer Society, and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
My honor.
Thanks (I think)!
Great job!
Thanks.
Watchspot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago
The opposite!
Apparentlysaid something about me on his show yesterday.I was surprised to find out he is on TV.Who knew?!
Its amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
New rule forcheck the law before you make a public absolute offer.
I will be doingtonight on Fox at 9 oclock. Will be interesting and tough!
No, but I hate incompetence.
Thanks Chelsea--you are great!
Katherine Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer, says she's 'shocked' about the attention via
Great -- Good luck James
Chuck--you are great--thanks!
Thanks.
EST
No.
Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day. - Samuel Goldwyn
Interesting.
Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that. - Think Like a Billionaire
True!
Thanks Brandon.
Thanks Joe.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Myinterview discussingstardom and whyapology was unwarranted
I hopepays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
Great!
True!
All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you. - Think Big
Thanks.
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
True! They are great.
I hopecomes through with his $5 million offer, which I fully accepted, or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity!
She's fantastic.
Hagel has been endorsed by China&amp; Iran for SOD.Welcome to Obama's second term!
Lawyers have sentdemand notice and necessary documentation.
LaToya is terrific.
Great, thanks.
Small bright spot in lackluster economy -travel industry added 81,000 jobs in 2012Trump Org had a record year.
Great and thanks!
I have and I do.
If you want to be a success, you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it. - Think Big
Seems like it!
I will!
Thanks Dorothy.
I have accepted$5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on theshow).
True!
Easier said than done!
Thanks.
Thank you.
Success breeds success.The best way to impress people is through results.Think Like a Billionaire
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.He doesnt need the fight.Too much political capital will be wasted.
thanks--work hard and good luck.
Hi Ethan
Thank you!
Thanks.
What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.- Think Big
I told you so!
Thank you!
Great reminder--thanks.
Thank you.
Perhaps so!
Myinterview discussingChuck Hagel nomination, Republicans terrible deal making &amp; where we go next
True!
Thanks.
Glad to hear myMonday interview continues to get big ratings.Great way to start your week
You are right.
She was great!
Not great!
Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen.
Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day. - Think Big
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you dont know what youre doing.
But a bad one!
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiros downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!
Think of yourself as a one-man army.Youre not only the commander in chief, youre the soldier as well.Think Like a Billionaire
Miss Alabama, Katherine Webb, has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!
Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the USChina is robbing us blind!
Thanks.
.Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
Thanks and Happy New Year.
You should--they are great!
Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.- Think Big
Wilson!
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star
True.
They just acted but it was Obama that promised!
Thanks Grant.
True!
Never, never, never give up. - Winston Churchill
Ill bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
Thanks Chris
Doral is doing great!
Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity.
Never give up--keep at it!
Work hard!
Dopey, I never went bankrupt.
True!
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan building roads &amp; schools but cant get money to the NJ &amp; NY Sandy victims?
Hi Morgan and good luck.
I hope the Republicans are happy.Just as I predicted, that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obamas appetite for more taxes.
Yes, send address.
Thanks!
WowGolf Magazine just named Trump Scotland best new course.
The worst thing you can possibly do in adeal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of the Deal
True!
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday withand Pres. Clinton.Glad she is recuperating.
Thanks Sean.
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things. -
Thanks
True and true!
Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive, focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All StarThe biggest yet!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
The 13th season of All Staris unique.We really pushed the envelope here.Our great and loyal fans will love it.
What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!
Donald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lagovia
In this game, knowledge is the key to power. - Think Big
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
March 3rd.
I will!
Thanks.
Thanks Jack and Happy New Year.
Thanks
Nobody says this!
Great!
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
Interesting view!
True.
Congratulations toon winning the BCS championship last night!
Great!
Yes, I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on!
Thanks.
March 3rd.
You will love it!
It is great--thanks!
Thank you.
Thanks!
The Iranians are sure happy with Obamas nomination of Hagel.Already praising Hagel as Anti-Israel
Adele--Happy Birthday.
I aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after. - The Art of the Deal
Thanks Heidi.
Golf Odyssey just named Trump Scotland Golf course of the year.
The Republicans look so weak and foolishwhat the hell are they doing?
March 3rd.
That is something to think about, isn't it!
I love whatis doing.
.Happy Birthday
Please RT? Very sick 8 year old British girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment.
If we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make America a rich nationand respectedonce again.Time to Get Tough
announce your presidential campaign tonight. WE NEED A LEADER! #trump4pres
ViaDonald Trump: 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In History'
Myinterview from Monday discussing Obamas tone, going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card
Good place!
If one man could get this fucking country back together Donald Trump can. I admire him.
If you cant see it, it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leavingBad for long term.
Donald Trump on cliff: Other countries are eating our lunchvia
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. Record amount visited Trump Tower.
Congratulations toon celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.Robin is a special person.
Am sooo glad that Joan R will still be on CA, as I'm sure all of her fans are. Thank you for honoring her this way.
Sounds like it!
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -So true!
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
True!
Donald Trump praisesand welcomes him back to All Star via
ViaTrumps grand plans forresort get the green light
I see you
. election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
Looking forward to his thoughts
Third party is tough.
are the kindest heart in all of USA. You give SO much to us &amp; you forgive the haters &amp; loosers!
Isn't that so true! And by the millions.
I do complain.
Always enjoy your common sense. Wish the ones in office would use theirs.
ViaTrump Not Happy with Republicans
A total mess!
Via to open restaurant in Trump Intl Washington, D.C.
Nice lil' cliff hanger you've created... much suspense. Very edge of seat. Wow.
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
Thanks--let's see what happens.
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available attops all menswear styles. Dress to impress!
in two minutes.
Wheres the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up
March 3rd.
. &amp;&amp; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.
ViabyDonald TrumpTo Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?
Make sure you realize that this deal is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
No once respect is lost, it's gone forever, always suspicion in any relationship
.Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
Just watched you onwhile putting on atie getting ready for work #DoubleTrump
Wearing thesignature collection today #lookgoodfeelgoodscangood
yeah Donald can't wait to see apprentice been too long
Your APPAREL is UNPARALLELED! In Order to OUTSMART the Rest, You Always Need to Be Looking Your Best! TRUMP 2016!
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
This dealvoted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.It is pathetic.Obama is laughing at them.
I fully understand your question.
If you run for President I, a democrat will vote for you. Watched Merideth Show on 12/22
Wilson--but he probably won't get it.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Mr Trump, we need your kind of art. The world needs more of your Poetry of Profit. A TRUE artist!
You got to love...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from Down Under!
This Sunday at 9/8C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere ofGame on in the Boardroom...
I always follow my own instincts, but I am not going to kid you: its also nice to get good reviews. - The Art of the Deal
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Mimi--perhaps because they are losers.
Mr. Trump, will you consider running for President? The country needs you.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
great job onwe need you or we will be stuck with another #clinton
Welcome to #TrumpDoral and good luck on Wednesday! cc:#OrangeBowl well well.. #HailState
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember,WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
Johnny Damon talksand working for #celebapprentice
Donald Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of
via
inspiring words onthis morning great job as always
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All StarPremieres March 3rd on
Is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on The Apprentice? Pete Rose &amp; let him in Hall!
If you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.-Think Big
Greta--Don't let it get you down--you are a winner and Tina is not.
In the end, youre measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish. - The Art of the Deal
Run Donald, Run!
Yes, and I am Presbyterian.
I get you!
Congrats toright to be suingover the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State
The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Tours of Lewis and Harris with Hebridean ExcursionsGreat places!
RTYou're never a loser until you quit trying, - Mike Ditka
I enjoyed your book 'Think like a Billionaire' for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
Yes --
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
Even the Elf On The Shelf is STARTING to get Restless! On JANUARY 4th the APPRENTICE is going to be Great!
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing.
What's BRUTAL is a nation WITHOUT the vision, interpid leadership &amp; PLAIN COMMON SENSE ofPRESIDENT!
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
What grade 1-10 you give to the reign of Gabriela Isler ??? Greetings from Brazil!She gets a solid 10!
incredible experience at the world famous Mar A Lago Clubhappy New Year
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
...Remember--I told you so.
Thanks, I think!
Feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. Sincerely wishing u more success to come!
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
admired you. You are the man who'll fight for the American Dream!
Trump for President !! Your Country Needs You !
Time for a great President You are needed urgently
#holidays #friends #palmbeach #maralago
Santa...All I want for Christmas. 1.my kids to be healthy 2.to pay off all our debt be debt free 3. DonaldTrump become President
Voting for DonaldTrump16 is voting for the essence of being American &amp;the value of great capitalism #trump16
please talk about how you maintain such perfect presidential hair! #Trump2016
Love that show. Hope I'm out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere.Get well!
All I want for Christmas isto run for president!
Incredible building... a must trip to Panama! Black Sand Beaches, exotic people, what a vibe!
. on I really hope Gilbert goes on a yelling, laughing tirade - cry-laugh.
is a great businessman. I learned so much from The Art of the Deal. Best of luck!
you can't lose in 2015 or 2016. Merry Christmas.
The only thing I asked for as Xmas gifts this year are apresidential campaign and a BOFA! #Trump2016
Trump 2016
No Bush, no Clinton, no RINOs, no golfing, no more handouts!! It's got to beTime for #Trump2016
have a great Christmasyou're a true inspiration. Thanks!
is the Man! He get's things DONE! America is LOST &amp; DONALD TRUMP is the Savior we have all been praying for!
you should run for president!
i keep saying you should run for President!
The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is ifruns for president #WeNeedYou Thanks.
Merry Christmas, would one like to give the gift of mentoring? I'm building my empire &amp; you certainly know how to build them
I would like to seein the debates. His America first ideas need to be heard,
#NowReading's Trump: The Art of the Deal
I made birdie on #8 last month. Enjoy that back nine. Great stretch at the end! #TrumpDoral
I'll be watching Mr Trump.
Merry Christmas! Hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day. Thank you.
Good thing I tuned into this Steelers/Bengals NFL game on NBC as I found out that Donald'sstarts next Sunday!
If you are president I would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain
full support
Get it done Donald! #MerryRollTideChristmas
Well then, run and I'll vote for you. Merry Christmas!
My birthday's Jan. 3 &amp; #CelebApprentice returns Jan. 4. Nice birthday present. ;)
Wishing you Happy Holidays. Can't wait for the #CelebrityApprentice to start in January.
I'm waiting for the day I can put a check mark next to your name for president.
Trump for president 2016
for president 2016
Merry Christmas! I'm raising funds for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
I refuse to vote in 2016 unlessis running &amp; if he's not I'm getting a one way ticket outta here
plz run for president.
Still one of my all time favorite cameos. Down the hall and to the left#HomeAlone #classic
You are so wise!! I cant wait until youre president!! #TrumpWinfree2016
Ronald Reagan was an actor, &amp; look at what a great job he did.
Merry Christmas Mr But this country can't have a TRULY merry Christmas until you are in the Whitehouse (as our President)
If youre going to be thinking, you may as well think big. Donald Trump
My bday just been so perfect so faronly way it will be better if my inspirationwishes me happy bday
liberal rag is done
andandare my favorite billionaires and heroes.
I believe in2016
I would work ur campaign and u wouldn't even have to pay me, Happy Holidays!
You would make a great GOP President Mr Trump!
You'll definitely carry the South. Go for it! #Trump2016
Merry Christmas,my favorite billionaire! Thanks!
If i tweet anything in 2015, it should befor President if the World wants to see another 20 years.
A BIG job to Recover from this Administration.... Around the World! ! Merry Christmas to you &amp; family! !
if u ran for president I would vote for you!
I'm 46 years old and I have never voted. If you ran for President, I would vote for you. THANK YOU!
Any chance of working w/ again soon... Always, Vince is a great guy and a winner!
Happy Holiday to you and your loved ones,God BlessThank you!
is Xmas present I want 2016! Not just a Happy Holiday! The MOST IMPORTENT day in the world if #TRUMP is PREZ!
Not to mention we already had two Bush presidents, neither of which were too successful. Insanity would be to want a third.
love that you say #MerryChristmas, not just Happy Holidays!
The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is ifruns for president #WeNeedYou
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!
DonaldTrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! There is hope and where there is hope there is promise
2016 President. The world needs a real business man. Not a political putter from the Bush ward
Off to stay at the trump chicago.. End of the holidays dinner with the fam.
loser newspaper &amp; loser comedian!
I'm not callingout or anything but how about you run for president?!Watch!
Merry CHRISTMAS! Can't wait 4 Celebrity Apprenctice my favorite show on TV, need more than 1 a year! I will EP it for you!
has BRAINS! Trump has ORGANIZATION! Trump has OUR intrests at heart! And he has REAL Republican Values!
Marry Christmas to the future President of the United States!Well, America would be great again. Thanks.
Merry Christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life. You are a very inspiring man
Looking forward 2it - ONE week from 2nite Look 4ward 2 #JoanRivers tribute to!
was in Home Alone 2
hope you are part of that leadership! Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Viaby Alana Marie Burke: Donald Trump 2016: 7 Key Political Positions
Whathad to say about Al Sharpton was spot on. Wish more Americans would speak their minds about him.
My Christmas Wish! Trump for Pres. in 2016 #Trump2016
im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american #Trump2016
Mr. TRUMP very excited for the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice! Incredible show, always top level television
Trump for president ! Trump for America ! #Trump2016
Very excited for the new season of Apprentice. A very diverse group of individuals.
Merry Christmas#Trump2016
Card was the best
Trump Tower, gorgeous! Just like The Donald Thank you!
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?Tune in toat 7:15.
...I HEARD YA MIGHT RUN IN 2016....WE THE PEOPLE NEED A PRESIDENT..NOT ONE LIKE OWEBUMMA !
Please run for President would be a better choice thanSeeingtomorrow&gt;was great on #apprentice
Trump is the #candidate in #2016. #strong #leaderwho is #opinionated and #fearless Need to #vote #Trump2016
Latin Americas tallest buildingis the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury
Merry Christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders
It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
I will be ontomorrow morning at 7:15 Hope you enjoy and agree!
I have been waiting for the day to vote you for president, ever since I read The Art of The Deal
I WILL GLADLY BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER DONALD I WANTED YOU TO BE PRESIDENT LAST ELECTION
Just Do It!
Merry Christmas to my favorite billionaire! :)Cute, same!
Oh wow. Celebrity Apprentise starts next Sunday at 8.. #excited I watch every year!!
Mr. Trump, today is my birthday. My wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Come on MR. TRUMP we NEED you! Otherwise, what You Enjoy doing right now, won't exist!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Do you think the Bushes knew Justice Roberts was going to pull an ObamaCare stunt like that?
Onin two minutes!
The Only Candidates I Would Vote For President In 16 AreOr
YOU CAN WALK AWAY WITH THIS JOB: GO GO
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp; expecting a different result.
..who the F is Bill Maher? Nobody really!
You sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. We need a proven businessman who is a born leader!
this will be our year to shine.
Can't wait RTIts the nastiest Ive ever seen. on this season of #CelebApprentice
You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!
on point as always
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
RTTHE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! Or another Clinton.
I'll be co-hostingtonight. Be sure to tune in!
Run Donald - RUN!
Richly deserved #Trump.Looking forward to grander news in 2015.You are the epitome of inspiration.
I'm looking forward to stayingtonight!I have heard wonderful things.Great--enjoy!
Entrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it.
America cannot survive another Bush! #NoMoreBush
DonaldTrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him, the man 'gets it'. very important for modern leaders IMO.
I really admireThank you!
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
This country needsto run for president
thanks for the good word
I hoperuns in 2016! We need new blood and Mr Trump is the one to do it! You will have my vote Sir!
to Host 63rd Annual viaby
You are the only man to save America!
Greatinterview withondiscussing the real estate economy &amp; 2016
i agree Mr.Trump should run for President,has brains and integrity,please get this country back on track.
quite agree. Need to see Mr Trump more in public life
Must watchinterview ondiscussing #Girlpower
We need you badly to run for President. You are a Patriot and we desperately need one. Run!!!!!!!!!!
My'Power Players' interview withInside Donald Trumps new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue
Should have settledFt Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
ViabyWhy Trump Should Run
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing-Donald Trump Lean from the best!
that's why we need and want you to run for president
Congratulationsfor making#GoldList2015!
FORGET THE REST , NO ONE IS UP TO SPEED ON THIS RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT YOU. SO TAKE IT FROM THE BABYS !!!
6 psychiatrists all from HARVARD... TRUMP on verge of genius... Perry average or below IQ..CAN'T absorb data fast
Celebrity Apprentice. I hope NBC has all the episodes online since I got rid of my lousy ass rip off Time Warner Cable.
Entrepreneurs:Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using20% offer
I always watch your Monday morning interviews on Fox and they are all fantastic. Trump for POTUS!
Via Donald Trump starts 250million overhaul ongolf resort
Congratsfor being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from
Mr. Trump I believe Sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it's ever been before! God bless you! Thanks.
I like when someone who does not need money is getting into polItics.
CAN NOT WAIT!!!!! fav is!!!!!
please save the United States of America. I know you can get the country back on the right track again
Will be interviewed tonight at 7 byre Sony &amp; Bush
Good Morning Mr. Trump just heard you onEl Presidente, Holder, Sharpton have set race back 30 years
Wise words spoken by Donald Trump: Sometimes by losing a battle, you find a new way to win the war.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Never realized thatwas in Home Alone 2 the man does everything #Trump2016
17th hole at Trump L.A. Beautiful track.
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated &amp; gone!
I really hoperuns for president.He would definitely have my vote! Patriotism at it's finest!! #Trump2016
you are the best republican for the job. Your the only one clean, you need no one's money.
Yesplease run for president! #trumpsupporter
Will be interviewed ontomorrow morning - Monday - at8:00. Much to talk about!
so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice. Been a big fan since like 4th gradeGreat!
I hope in the next couple of years I can call you. Mr. President.
Premiering Jan. 4th, the record 14th seasonscast is the nastiest yetMajor Boardroom fireworks!
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.
If only Obama would treat with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp; dangerous for our national security.
We fully supportin Turnberry--great for beauty &amp; tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment.
Another clip from myinterview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackersNo Courage!
please run for president! #trumpsupporter
Myappearance re Sony, Atlantic City,&amp; 2016 Always love going on Wendys show!
:Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. Hell give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
absolutely love your family Mr. Trump. I'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. Can't wait to see the next season
Must readarticle byJeb Bush and the Outsiders
DonaldTrump Please take me serious America needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads NO MORE BUSH'S IN WH OR WE R DONE
Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bushs Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
Myillustration as seen in audience of theshow! Great job!
Im waiting....4..President Trump!!!!!! :)...I love when u come on fox n friends!! Good Morning..
We need someone to make America, America again.You have my vote for 2016 #2016Election #USA #NoMoreClintons
I can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice to begin! Should be interesting...
Mr Trump, it is undeniable that Obama hates Israel.
RTNegotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
We needin office. Guide this country back to its roots!!
One of the many things I admire about you Mr. Trump is that you aren't afraid to speak your mind. True!
Pigs get slaughteredagain.Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
So excited to haveperforming at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at
Myinterview discussing why we do not need another Bush
Sounds gr8 MTJose Andres to run the primary restaurant at's Old Post Office hotel.
#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2, a holiday staple.
Doesn't get much better than that! Trump and Tiger on golf!#Dubai
Not so smart after allMan with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.
The movie may be garbage but we cant let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of-
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Walt Disney
Always caught off guard whenmakes the appearance in Home Alone 2
This sentiment of just 'give in easily' wouldn't exist if we had a Trump presidency in place. Run Mr Trump... We need you!
Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.- Ronald Reagan
I think you should be Barbara Walters' most fascinating person of 2014 I agree but have already been twice!
C-SPAN/Conversation with Donald Trump/Economic Club of Washington, DC
Viaby&amp;Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the Last Thing We Need
we've had 16 years of bad presidents..war terrorism, bad economy etc...
#Donaldbought my favorite #dc building. New hotel coming in 2016 to #PennAve @ Old Post Office
With Miamis top #NewYearsEve vacation packageis the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015.
That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for theI agree!
Theon the #TortureReport:
THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
Al Sharpton loves Trump because he knows I get him, others don't! Check out picture.
. RT:Tiger Woods -- I'm Working for Donald Trump!
Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, torture of any kind. No reports!
In love with Trump Tower too! Clearly Tower built by man who is strong &amp; abel to serve as OUR PRESEDENT!
America could sure use you in 2016, sir! Yes please!!
TRUMP 2016
Trump for PRESIDENT !!!!
Myint, withon the state of world affairs, economy, the Bushes etc.
when will you anounce your running for Presedent? Thousands-- MILLLIONS-- have baited breath we NEED you!
After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
Viaby to open golf academy at Donald Trumps
Via Premieres Sunday, January 4, 2015
Tweet me your New Year's resolution to make America great again! #TrumpNewYearsRes
Anyone else like to see Trump in office? He's an American patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy!
didn't don imus make that same mistakeYes!
ViabyDonald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush'
She should be terminated for being stupid. Best quote of the day from THE #betterwithfriends
Story written by areporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias, but we will prevail!
I'd have to say thathas one of the best accounts on Twitter
The lights went out at the White House today Symbolic of the Obama presidency.
Congrats on! DonaldTrump must be proud ! #Sharknado Way to goyou are a winner!
is so right with everything he is saying run... Please run for president
DO YOUR FELLOW PATRIOTS PROUD AND RUNRUN! #weneedapatriot #1600pennsylvaniaave #2016 #patriotwithabrain
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty
I cant believe the greatgot canned byHe was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
you just made me laugh. The Sony women is stupid for calling Al Charlatan
Obama attacks the CIA forwaterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
Donald, I am in love and admire you! Run for president in 2016 and all will be well!
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watchingThen he plays golf, fundraises &amp; grants amnesty to illegals.
ViabyDonald Trump hints at presidential run, promises 'great luxury hotel' for D.C.
never thought I'd say this but Mr Trump ur right!
You are awesome, sir! Thank you for gifting our marine!
you told America what needs to happen with china, trade, jobs ect..so you need to run - 2016!
ViabyLuxury penthouse atskyscraper sells for record $17M
I AM GOING TO VOTE FOR2016 BECAUSE WE NEED A LEADER WITH VISION!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
I want to see! He has the best hair in the biz you know! His wife isamazing too!
glad you're a part of foxandfriends!
See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.Trump Never Give Up
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
In Charlottesville, VA,is Virginias largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties
ViabyPresident Trump? Says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016
GOVERNMENT SHOULD SPEND THAT ON FIGHTING ISIS. RUN FOR PRESIDENT, DONALD. YOU CAN DO IT.
Amercia really needs a man likeAnd why settle for LIKE him? USA needs TRUMP!Thanks!
You're a legend!!Wow!
hey Donald...in love with Trump Tower on 5th avenue during the holidays!
#Trump2016
#Inspiration Thank you!
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
Donald Trump on Jeb Bush: The last thing we need is another Bush viaby
Revenge is sweet and not fattening. - Alfred Hitchcock
ViabyDonald Trump Goes to Washington
Country needs to rise &amp; be great again! So we need great men &amp; leaders at the top!! True!
Amy is a SAP!! Sharpton loves Suckers like Her! True, she is a fool!
Listening to you now. you are great.
We have added MacLeod House in Aberdeento our best restaurants in Scotland page at
Incredible interviewI hopewas watching. cc: #TortureReport #TRUTH
he was th Very First one to warn people about Barack Hussein Obama &amp; people blamed him? Well, he was right!
One thing about Mr.Donald Trump!He's on target.Lets see wht transpires btwn Al Sharpton &amp; Amy Pascal.
. byTrump landsfor Old Post Office flagship restaurant
Vote Donald Trump for president!!!!!!!!!!
outstanding insight on Fox this morning #trumpforpresidemt
great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on#tcot #RedNationRising
for president
#TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech-
Donald Trumprunning for #president? YES please! #youhavemyVote
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
. named Christmas Day Brunch one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays
I live in Australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president, is this true?Stay tuned!
People with bachelor's degrees can't find jobs in #US. And Obama wants to bring in more immigrants.
is so Right about everything for SURE! Not olny is he smart he has BUSINESS EXPERENCE that makes good #Prez
A much needed Trump/West ticket. Opposite of our 'president', 2 straight talkers who understand the enemy/world
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?
I don't want a party as My President, I want a decisive,confident Leader.will fire China. Give US a spark
ViaDonald Trumpsplan gets go-ahead
For president
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
America needs to be renovated like the Wollman Rink - and you're the man to do it.
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine!
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns
I will be onat 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David RubensteinAiring live onat 7PM EST
Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball!via
I want to live in a U.S. where you are PresidentThank you!
America needs
FOR PRESIDENT. #2016 #RealChange
Mr Trump you could return America's business respectability &amp; viability with the world! EASY!
The new #CelebrityApprentice starts January 4th ... Please don't make us wait that long again.
#CASEV in sunny #Chicago with LARGE Trump sign outside window. #SheratonChicago
Viaby to design Trump course in Dubai
America needs a POTUS who builds Golf Courses not hangs out on them! Please become our next POTUS!
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
AMERICA WILL COME ALIVE AGAIN, IF ONLYIS VOTED IN. #PresidentTrump2016
ViaDonald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th
ViabyDonald Trump: Obamas Jobless Figures Phony. Economists agree.
Mr. Donald Trump for president we need a leader who is SMART for once #donaldtrumpforprez
watching Home Alone 2 on AMC, first time in decades...didn't realizewas in it. I was!
Obama &amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at usthey think we are fools!
love how you speak your mindWell, somebody has to!
Donald Trump will end poverty!
was in Chicago and saw your sign on your building. It looks great!!
. your line in Home Alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film
In a NY minute!
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Awesome.Australia is screening #CelebrityApprentice 12 Jan can't wait
RT The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course.
VOTEfor a no BS President and let's make America the greatest country again
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
Let's just put you in the white House now.
DonaldTrump for president! Give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! You'd have my vote!
You are the soul of NYC. Thank you!
no one could run our country better &lt;3
ViabyTrump: ObamaCare Not Working for Business, Going to Collapse
Can't wait for Celeb Apprentice 7!!!
Well said#Obamacare
Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic. -
rock n roll back in the oval... Trump 2016...
Donald Trump will make America Strong again! Like it used to be! #Tump2016 So true!
Mr Trump I always enjoy your calls to the Howard Stern show. When can we expect your next one? Soon!
This is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in History Napolion Alexander the Great Richard ect DonaldTrumprules!
ViabyTrump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation rises
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, NY.
Riding that tiger as we speak!Great!
Donald Trump by Mac Miller never gets old to me
MR. TRUMP, I THINK YOU OUGHT TO DO AN APPRENTICE SHOW FOR PEOPLE TO COME UP FOR A WINNING STRADEGY FOR YOU TO RUN IN 2016
The Strongest Leader in this World and Beyond is the Man who is a Forward thinker! MR.TRUMP For President in 2016!
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money.
Entrepreneurs:See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!
I will miss&amp; doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp; smart. You never knew what would happen --but he was fair!
Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the
Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
Who needs sleep when your the one and only #DonaldTrump ?
Donald Trump for President.
For president 2016!
if he tells China where to go ,He has my vote
Very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
I'll be the vp forwhen he is president You would be better than what we have now!
Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation.
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
Why would Trump run for president? He likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. It can all change!
and you wonder why everyone wants you as President?
Lunch w Donald TrumpNew York National Dealmaking. Really good.
We're missing a lot of information on autism. Supportproject by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG
already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore America's greatness! And no stupid windmills!!
These Islamists chop Americans heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA, not persecuting them.
Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often &amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
Good idea. RTLet's just put you in the white House now.
Saw the trailer for Apprentice... Bring it on!
please run for president
for President in 2016, you have my vote
partners withon Dubai course set to open in 2017
First order of business for America is toelect DonaldTrump. Next is make America strong again! And he is the man to do it!
If I could write one book in the next 5 years, it would be following the DonaldTrump andpartnership in Dubai
ICYMI, described my Mondayspeechas one of my best and most riveting
I'm so excited for this upcoming season of #CelebrityApprentice. This looks like it's going to be amazing
Nothing more important for America to do then get it's house in ordure that means dump Obama PRONTO elect Mr.Trump ASAP! #Prez
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!
Want to see REAL change America? Get Donald in the White House and see a TRUE American businessman fix this economy!!!!
is the man.Thanks.
Congratulations to you all!
Looking good in Vegas today
Seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is! Please run for president
#MaraLagoYou have the best staff.. it's always a pleasure doing events at your home
The longer you play, the better chance the better player has of winning. -
Looking forward to a great weekend ...hearing outstanding things about this
It feels good working overtime &amp; knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like Donald Trump for a day. Cute!
vote2016
Hitting the Ice over at! World Class!!
what is the completion date for the #VancouverProperty #TrumpVancouverSoon!
He would be the very best of what this country needs today!
for president
ViabyTrump adds events to his Iowa trip next month
I honestly can't wait forTrump to announce he is running for President - a strong no BS leader who will put America 1st
Letrun out country
Announcesto Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubaivia
Trump, Tiger Team Up to Create 'Stunning' Golf Course in Dubai
viaby
I would vote for you Mr Trump &amp; I don't even vote ...
where is the Leadership To Calm our senses as these protests continue? #StopDividingTheUSA
You RT'ing these is the equivalent to band's tweeting good reviews. Do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back?No, never!
#JohnRoberts biggest turncoat of them all. We know what #ObamaTheDestroyer is but JR pretends to be #Conservative
DonaldTrump. the new World Trade Center is probably target #1 for terrorists. That's the reason for the maximum security
Central Parks top localeis open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent &amp; acclaimed
yes, please vote for him in 2 yrs
I agree! Durst is the worst!Wish you could fire him, Mr. Trump.
Donald Trump will forever be the best mac miller song..
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline,Championship Course is a masterpiece
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
andhave drafted plans for a new championship golf course.
Obama is giving Social Security &amp; ObamaCare to illegals, yet wants to cut military benefitsDisgrace!
When all is said &amp; done we need a smart man, a couragious man, a sensible man, &amp; a BUSINESSMAN. That man is
Our country and our leaders are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
Congratulations tofor being named one of the Best of +VIP Access hotels for 2014 by
I'll be onthis morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!
I can't wait to watch you ontomorrow. I'm sure you have some wise thoughts about #EricGarner
. is great, thanks!
please run for president !!! So many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there !!
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.
Wow, just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Just Played it today, it was Great.
The Celebrity Apprentice is back January 4th and I can't wait to seepick people apart in the boardroom.
to design 18 hole course at #AKOYA #Oxygen#Dubai can't wait to visit... A fantastic place!
Very NICE!!
I went to Doral over the holidays,have to say it was everything I expected a trump facility to be. Staff is exceptional.
I can't believe they haven't fired Rosie yet. They will, soon!
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
The View was terrible today. I feel sad for ABC!Rosie killed what was once a very good show - no ratings!
My biggest hero will forever be#Trump2016 Thank you.
If Donald Trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his Twitter account alone
Thank youfor your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION - &amp; ALL TIME
would get my vote for president any day!!! #America
Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one. - Alec Guinness
YES MR. TRUMP YOUR A SHOE IN TO WIN. RUN DONALD RUN
Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.Trump Never Give Up
You are a rockstar! No, just someone who wants to see things done right, but thanks!
With magnificent views,is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp; business meetings
Biggest mistake of 2014 was ABC rehiring
Viaby Nick Ricko: In CelebrityFirst Look
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
when is the new season starting? I can't wait any longer....#celebrityapprentice January 4th
Home ofrepresents all that is Miami: energy, glamour, innovation &amp; luxury
#TBT With James Lipton on the set of
You are and always will be the man! Please run!
for President!!!!
wait to meet! DonaldTrump will deliver keynoteNY National Deal Making Conference on Dec 8.#NYConf
YOU HAVE MY VOTE DONALD
The Nick Saban of business!!
Donald Trump would be an amazing president because he's not gonna sugar coat anything. #TRUMP
Finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good#celebrityapprentice
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
Yeah Please run for President, we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office!
It's about time the date was announced! I love this show! #CelebrityApprentice
2016 gotta happen
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.-- Thomas A. Edison
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
. byDonald Trump Tells Why He's Eyeing the White House.I'll Tell You Why He Could Win.
Via NYTimes, What's Your Ideal Gadget?
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans We should send them to Gitmo for some R&amp;R.
Best show on television
FINALLYreturns!rescues the winter TV schedule. Our house never misses it. Great!
I can't wait to watch the show! January 4th.
Mr. Trump do you know how sad it's to have a POTUS that ignored remembrance of Pearl Harbor?So un patriotic
Serious today..had to break out thetie for this deal today.. Looks great!
so excited for #celebrityapprentice Looks like a great group of people!!
I think you should be Time's person of the year
just set my DVR to record Celebrity Apprentice Jan. 4 Don't want to miss a second!! Great.
can't wait to see you on apprentice!!!
Broken borders, $18T debt, ObamaCare failing &amp; over budget. Dont worry our president is still fundraisingPriorities
This war withis halarious.keeps roasting her She starts, I finish!
#CIA torture tactics documents be released?weighs in:
Obama opposes sanctions on IranThey are laughing at Kerry &amp; Obama!
We needto be President
was down in Doonbeg on sunday, stunning place, any chance of a good deal on a room for me and my good wife.
You cant wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.Trump: How to Get Rich
We are spending the day at the #NYConf and look forward to the keynote presentation from Great!
Looking forward to speaking at prestigiouson December 15th
Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work, success will follow.
Run Donald you've mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits!
The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course. Thanks.
Now that he's a Lame Duck &amp; doesn't need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out! True.
Great day at Trump National Charlotte. Loved the renovations.
Sorry,is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC.
Wow,just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
hey Donald - where can I purchase a #Trump2016 campaign shirt? Any details soon?
Can't wait to seerun for president and win #Trump2016
#CelebrityApprentice is back! Here's a preview w/
Donald trump always gets it right! Brandiglanville is awesome.
Each excellent thing, once learned, serves for a measure of all other knowledge. - Philip Sidney
#Trump2016
Looks like a great cast. The show is incredible. Can't wait!
saw the iconic DonaldTrump while watching #homealone2 and he looks exactly the same 22 years later! What's in the NY water?
Rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes. #TheView
I don't care whatsays,is my person of the year
Reading an all time favorite TRUMP: The Art of The Deal! A must read!
best reality show on tv
WHAT???? No Gary Busey?? Love the show! I'm sure it'll be great!!
I will step over them to buy atie.
The next celebrity apprentice cast is True!
RTThe weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA
bookedfor?? I have to watch this!! #Apprentice #GetYourPopcornready.
Ring in 2015 in downtown New Yorks most elite 5 Star hotel.offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence
Ur a smart lady.Hopebcomes POTUS.Know he's busy,but.....!
Great job today on
just rocked trump collection for interview. Great shirts Thanks.
Congratulations toon a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy Senator.
On schedule for 2016 completion57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouvers skyline
The best advice you can get in a book! Trump: The Art of the Deal
Love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the White House: You're Fired!
U should run for president and help us out of it
Congress greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
I would like to support DT, if I knew he was serious about going for it. Been disappointed more than once.Just watch!
Obama's first meeting after midterm loss was #AlSharpton Continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures.
Love listening toonit's the perfect start to my morning &amp; week!
In the very least, Congress must defund Obamas unconstitutional amnesty order.
#TrumpVlogwasn't even a short term fix at The View.
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
do you like the Make a Wish Foundation?YES!
as I watch the news Mr. Trump I'm thinking I hope America has had enough of clinton&amp;bush as potus
you should definitely run for president and fix this country
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell!
#trumpforpresident #presidenttrump
Mr.Trump, I love that you are crushing the #CowardInChief on social media. As a former Marine I have ZERO respect for #Obummer.
anyone mentioned tothat Celebrity Apprentice is a brilliant concept?Celeb egos feed content. Masses eat it up!
cameo performance just made Home Alone 2 my favorite christmas movieThanks.
for the love of the Rev Norman Vincent Peale. Do it!
is the man America needs #Trump2016
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
I can put politics aside for the sheer love I have for #CelebrityApprentice - seriously!
I can't wait forto announce that he's running for President
I convince my teachers daily why you should run for president
ViabyTrump to speak atin West Des Moines
have a trumptastic monday!! Thank you.
Congratulations toon quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
You are a Real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go #TrumpForPresident
he's a str8 foward guy &amp; does things the way it's needed to be done
#TrumpVlogneeds to rest and relax. It's not working.
would treat this country like a business and make us all prosperBut with heart!
-please-when does celebrity apprentice start????January 4th.
I can't wait 4 celeb apprentice,The Donald! Finally, I've been waiting 2 long!
If Trump were nominee in 2012, GOP landslide . 2016 for the win!
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned?always fails.
Why not take on the greatest challenge Donald Trump has ever faced, making this country GREAT again, now that's a Legacy!!
I can't wait for celeb apprentice, my favoutite show of all time - love The Donald!!
I can't wait forto announce that he's running for President
trump would have my vote hands down
I'd rather be golfing with
ViaReal Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015in West Des Moines, Iowa
Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
The Celeb Apprentice is the Best of Both Worlds...Real Business Lessons plus Very Entertaining Celebrity Stars! Can't Wait
. Dont letspeak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude, crude &amp; not smart. She is not in your league.
your brand suits are my favorite ! So sharp looking ! Looking forward to when I can get another one .
you'd win the south #presidenttrump
Ok, people, it has 2B season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous!I CANNOT wait!!!!!
Donald Trump-2016-All the way
So glad I'm able to vote now, so ifruns for president, I can vote for him.
Trump for President!! Make it happen, we need an intelligent leader!#trumpforpresident
Via Newsmax. Nice article, thank you so much.
you should put her on #CelebrityApprentice just to fire her!First night!
Just as I predictedwould fail on The View-
I believe that too! Run, DT! Please!
Rosie &amp; Obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with Trump. #trump2016
Its Tuesday. How many more The View Execs will leak that they wantgone? Show is failing.
please run for president
Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCCvia
Say what you want about this: #ISIS would not exist under President
me too! I'm such a big fan of!!
True, but America is starved for leadership and he's our best option. Ted Cruz etc are canned rhetoric
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
awesome howard stern interview!
is marvelous for calling out the notorious bozoNever laughed so hard.
then make our wishes come true and run for President!!!
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp; Congress exempted their staffs?
If I could meet anyone in the world I'd want to meet #LoveHim
should replaceon The View. :-) Well, they would then get great ratings!
. is the best! He's my favorite entrepreneur! Thank you.
Success is dependent on effort. - Sophocles
High praise indeed.
Ok, people, it has to be said: the new season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous!I CANNOT wait!!!!!
I can't believe they let her back on the view, she's god awful as....well anything...
THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you
please run in 2016 America needs a POTUS with balls to stop America from being a worldwide laughingstock.
your cameo in Home Alone 2 was some top notch stuff, you should be in more movies
first business book I ever read was The Art of the Deal as a high schooler in the 80s. Been a fan ever since
can't wait to see the Apprentice - it's back finally On January 4th.
Mr Trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! #trumpforpresident
You would have my vote Donald Trump
Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song
Rosie ODonnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her-- always fails.
No surprise.is failing onratings.Malcontent &amp; another season is out of the question
and I thinkshould run for president. Make it happen sir.
Ifran for president, I would have hopes for this country again.
please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created I agree!
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
Hey man you're a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow. Just wondering if I could get a birthday tweet. I admire you!
Viabyto stay at Trumps hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS.
Tickets are now available for the 2015atMarch 4-8:
is the only man fit to run our country. What a knack for politics and business, WHAT A MAN!! Thanks.
hi Donald! You're awesome, smart, classy! My mom met u in Tahoe and is now in love.
I believe in America and I believe in you Mr.Trump! You will bring REAL (GOOD) change to America! #Trump2016
please, please, please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning.
Miss ya too darling! Happy Holidays! TTYS;)
Because you won't take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us, I truly believe this. True!
awesome. Ill be watching. Kick some butt!
We need a president who doesn't take any (crap) from anybody!!! #TrumpForPresident
Oh yes the next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
Don't you think you are exactly what the U.S. needs?!?! Yes!
you got my vote
run for prez the country needs you!
for president in 2016 !!
please run for President. You would be a wonderful leader Thank you!
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
2k16 man
Congratsfor being named #3 Best Business Hotel in Chicago in2014 World's Best
Can there be any doubt that MR.TRUMP is THE REAL DEAL!Thank you!
Trump 2016!
Ratedas 1 of the top courses in the country, Trump Intl Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
it's by far my favorite Mac Miller song. Can't beat Donald Trump
Me with Don and Sarah. We went out for pizza that night. Remember .
Donald Trump for president
we all love you in Mexico Donald! You are our role model!!Thanks!
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?
OMG OMG OMGjust RTd meee! Yay! I sooo admire him. I cant wait for him to be MY Presedent!!! #Tump2016
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
found your locker at Trump National. We had an awesome time. Great.
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!
The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history.
Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places
Only way I'm registering to vote is ifruns for president
have a dream that one day I'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office &amp; fixing this country #2016
Donald Trump for president
Perfect moment with an inspiring #book. Thank you Mr Trump :)
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!
on this joyous holiday I am thankful tofor being the bright light that guides America home
I am definitely voting for this man right here
Congratulations tofor being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in2014 World's Best Business Hotels.
If you love it, own it.bring unparalleled style, elegance and world class amenities to Las Vegas
There is nothingdid not think about for the holidays -dives in:
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
If billionaireonce became #USA president he'll make #America best ever n rule lk beyond expectation!
We can do it with you leading us. TRUMP 2016
is a real individual , very brilliant man!Thank you.
Now that is a combo..he needs ride along RTGot to meet the man Donald Trump.
The American dream is alive and well good interview onthis AM #GYTU
trump 2016! we need you in office
This is why we needin office.doesn't know how to keep order
Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide fromonTumblr:
Yeah gasoline prices are on their way down since #Trump started making threats &amp; demands of OPEC &amp; others.
Some nights I think to myself that its a darn shame Mr. Trump isnt in office
Trump should be the next president of the US. Guy is a genius!
Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir!
Why is it almost every person I know thinks that Mac Miller's only song is Donald Trump and then he disappeared... True!
As a former Fortune 100 Senior Executive, I agree it's about time we have a biz savvy guy.
yeah true, but hey he would be a good president
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
yes!! More people gonna vote #waitingfortrump2016
continue to inspire young entrepreneurs such as myself!
,for president AGREED!
Great article in Met Golfer this month on the development of Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point #trump
Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan.
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
Seriously,for president
please tell me you are at least considering running for President.. Please please please.I am!
PLEASE WIN PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
you're up at 5 am and you're awake at 1am. How do you have so much energy? Seriously!? Good genes!
Donald Real Deal Trump. I've been calling him that for years!!!!
Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! Thank
When is your announcement that you aren't going to run scheduled to be made?Stay tuned!
Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season ofwill have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
I can't wait to see Trump 2016 all over the news! #TrumpForPresident
I will be onat 7:00 A.M.Enjoy!
Great write-up onabout our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones
you should run for president Donald. You would make one hell of a president!
hopefully he will run for 2016 elections Stay tuned!
Thank you!
All the latest on's plans to transform Trump Turnberry into the finest resort in the world. In today's
Hope to see you back in Doonbeg as President of USA
Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song Many agree!
we all love you in Australia. Visit us when youre President. A great place!
Awwww, what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader. TRUMP 2016!
#Trump is the only potential Presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil &amp; gas prices.
I look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot.
Oh yes the next President of the United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
right on Donald can't be bought like the rest of them!
RTGreat news from IrelandClare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel So smart!
for president 2k16
onlycan get the economy back on track, clean up the government I agree, stay tuned!
#TrumpForPresident #2016 Make it happen, enough said
I have been in your hotel, great views of #Chicago. Congrats from #TravelTuesday
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
FactAmnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
I think you are responsible for lower gas prices, only you had the balls to call out OPEC. Thank you Mr. Trump
I am over career politicians, we need someone who knows business in Washington. I'm rooting for you Mr. Trump
I think you would be an awesome leader for the country!
You can never be wrong if you vote for MR. TRUMP in 2016! He is the RIGHT MAN for President! Happy Sunday!
This nation will be on the right track once I see your name on the presidential ballot. #Trump2016 Thanks.
Donald Trump for president!
has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 !
can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed
YES! He's our man for the next President. SURE, He's the Man, no doubt
you're a genius! Thank you, you are so correct!
Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were aleader, this would not be the case
It should be locker #1, in my opinion! #Trump2016
for president
if you run for president you'll make our country great again I agree, thanks!
I'm tired of having a president without a spine. I'm so ready to call#CommanderInChief
are you running for President? You have my vote
. Sorry sucker, as usual you lose again. You couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign.
~Nice view. But BETTER ONE would be You sitting in the Oval Office.
Gosh you're an early riser. Is that why you get a lot done? It helps!
Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips byincluding an option
from
Mr. Trump, you're a nice looking gentleman, period. I think you look nice, hair and all. Ignore the jealous
I truly wish Mr. Trump the best he's Awesome!&amp; Very Cool. So Smart. Trump 4 President yeah!
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
best view in Chicago tonight
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
Why do people think thatis going to run for president in 2016?Because the country is a total mess right now
Entrepreneurs:Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Trump,We need you in Office,We need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize Our Country,Your Fired!
Mr. Trump is a wonderful man &amp; more Presidential than the Fraud-in-Chief now.
the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success #Trump2016Thank you.
WATCHWH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was an important figure in crafting the law
Trump would be # 1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately I do not think so Just watch!
DonaldTrump Does Donald Trump want to be president? looks like he is getting lots of votes already
28.6 M non-golfers were interested in golf in 2013. The highest interest being expressed by #Millennials 18 to 29 yrs old #pga
how much did you enjoy hosting NASCAR?They are great people.
I don't usually shop atbut The Donald Trump Collection is amazing! Thank you!
. Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! I've been a huge fan since it started Great!
Guys Trump is busy running the Trump brand he is not going to take a step down as President. Watch
I enjoyed meeting with to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.
New York Citys iconic architectural masterpiecehouses prime commercial, residential &amp; retail space
Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.Albert Einstein
Via byWhat All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character. - Arnold Palmer
I have so much respect forhe took down Rosie. #revisitingthefight
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
We need you to bring common sense to Washington DC...in 2016, the White House gets Trumped!
Trump Tower Punta del Estes cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. On the sands of Playa Brava
.Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
I will be onat 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!Enjoy!
Boys in the hood call me the black Donald Trump. Great!
I bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer, great results.
Via byCouncil sign rules mean Trump name will loom large on river
I followbecause he's a great entrepreneur. Can't get better than him. Thanks!
Obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by
IS A REAL AMERICAN AND HE KNOWS WHAT WE WANT. #PresidentTrump2016
you will always be one of my idols!! Thank you.
The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
Please run for presidentThis country needs you!Thanks!
So true! Hope for Trump 2016.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business.Think Like a Champion
Awarded 5 stars from offers 261 rooms &amp; 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto
With multiple space options,is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didnt have a cluegrossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
Such a nice Guy. Such a perfect Leader . I want to see you in the White House !! Mr.Pesident D.Trump. Thanks
IS A WINNER, THAT'S WHY HE WILL RUN FOR PRESIDENCY!!!!!!! #Trump2016 FOR SURE!!!!
Listening topresentannual meeting. Great information great speaker#pga
has got my vote
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
Entrepreneurs:Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits-
We would have the best economy in the world with him as President! True!
I merely follow Mr Trump because he is a fascinating observation of power.
for president
there are a multitude of reasons to follow Mr Trump...Great AmericanThank you!
How did you keep your hair looking good over the decades? Wow, one of the few nice comments about my hair!
The Donald preaches on golfs economic impact in US... Let's tell this story! #pga14annual
I would love to seeonAny shot of that??? Thanks, but the Apprentice starts on Jan 4.
The reason why I love You so much is because of how compassionate You are not because of who You are.
If you like your plan you keep it. = Gruber is just some adviser. Two of Obamas greatest lies told to the American public.
#Amazon USA : Time to Get Tough: Making America #1 Again by Donald Trump#CelebrityApprentice
Inwe trust. Please run, save us - it's time
The Art of The Deal is on my Christmas list. Let's hope I get it.
Mister Trump please run for president this country needs you badly and I would vote for you in a heart beat.
a billionaire president. Now that's something I'd like to see! #trump2016
I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a Trump/Palin '16 ticket!
just stayed in Trump Chicago....by far the nicest hotel in Chicago. Absolutely amazing job! Great, thx.
The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
I can't wait Donald, my Monday is complete!
The Trumping of Turnberry via Links Magazine
great stay. It's the place to be in #vegas Thanks for the #upgrade.
PLZ Mr. Trump... if anyone can expose the #truth about #obama you can! How many more lies does #America have to listen to?
Donald Trump for president
I might not always agree w/ everything he says,but it's wonderful howengages w/ people on Twitter.
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
I decided that I'll choose to live in the US when you are the president.Good choice!
He sure is more than qualified to be President.
The DonaldTrump &amp; sites of his 5 career holes in one. (4 sites, btw). #PGA14Annual
January 20th 2017 will be a Victorious Day in America MR. TRUMP if you run! For you will be sworn in as the 45th PRESIDENT!
you are adecent man &amp; true to your word. America needs you mr Trump. Plz run for president.
run for president pleaseeee
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
Good Morning Mr. Trump! Your comment's were dead on this a.m. on F&amp;F
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.Mike Ditka
u should be president
If you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
Obama comes to Australia and makes a speech against our PM at a time we're fighting together in Iraq. Run please!
If you dont publicize your successes, your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
Triple H aka Donald Trump. #SmackDown #yourefired
Congratulations to Bill OBrien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved. A great guy.
Are u running for president in 2016 or not?We will soon see!
Donald, you are my model in life since I first saw you (I was14 years then). RESPECT!
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obamas executive amnesty is dangerous.
Donald..I met your dad when I was in college..very nice guy, humble and unassuming. True, thx.
played #Doral #White on Sunday what a gorgeous course you're doing GREAT things there #Golf #Resort Thanks.
Sad cause my wife &amp; I checked out oftoday after 4 amazing days. Happy cause we're planning our return visit!
can Obama salvage his presidency by going to Ferguson and bringing peace?No!
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
you're the man Mr. Trump
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.Mike Ditka
The only source of knowledge is experience.Albert Einstein
Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal, including
Looking forward to addressingon December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC.
Donald Trump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi Thank you! #MarineFreed
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote theFirst Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
RUN DONALD RUN
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.Tom Brady
I will be on in ten minutes - enjoy!
Happy 5th Anniversary toCan't believe it's already been 5 years..
Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.Fred C. Trump (My father!)
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Obamas China climate deal binds America with language of will curb emissions now while China only intends to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
Trump is so important, that every time he's makes a decision, it's good for the economy .
You Are A Financial Genius I agree, thanks!
ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he was some adviser.
A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play It
ViabyTrump Calls Election a Big Blow to Obama I Think Hes in Denial
NYC Deal Making Announces Speaker Lineup inc keynote by|
If Donald Trump ran for president, i would vote for him in a heartbeat.
Congratulations to for being honored with atwo-star rating again this year!
Via Union Leader: Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley | New Hampshire First Amendment Awards
sent me check for $25k payable to #Tahmooressi-I forwarded check; THANK U DONALD TRUMP! very kind
Viareturns to reality TV with Donald Trump
MyClose Up int. withdiscussing the midterms, the new Congress, travelling to NH &amp; 2016
Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views,offers a unique array of 5 star dining options
is a great place. I just spent the weekend there &amp; the place, golf and staff were excellent10 out of 10 Thx!
Live Free or Die.motto of New Hampshire
If you can accept losing, you can't win. - Vince Lombardi
Chicago, don't forget tix forWine Tasting Fundraiser11/22. Proceeds benefit
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
ViabyDonald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley
I will be on tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber (Americans are stupid) &amp; exec order
Happy #VeteransDay to all.And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid&amp; the Nackey Loeb Schoolhonoring James Foley.
What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump? You have to be passionate about your work!
so much for Al Gores theory??? #trump2016
visitedover the weekend. Very impressive and we will be going back soon!
I truly hope Trump runs ! It would be simply fantastic ! Do it DT - do it Plz .
DonaldTrumpDonald Trump helped out more than Obama did with #AndrewTahmoorissi -- The 25K check was a wonderful gesture.
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!
How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's 63m private jetviaby
Congratulations tofor being named one ofGreat Destinations:
Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster:viacc
Via Think pink in the boardroom.
Protect Ya Neck. Wearties.
you have my support..... 100% I hope you run 2016
The #WomenWhoWork campaign from
WatchObama in 2006: Ive stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber And now Obama claims he is 'just some adviser.'
#TrumpAdvice
ViabyIn NH, The Donald hammers Mitt, Jeb as he again weighs a run for President
Today is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nations finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
Myint. discussing $25,000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi, Obamas trip to China &amp; the 2014 election results
! Congrats on your Chef of the Year nom inEater Awards
Congrats on your Chef of the Year nom inAnnual Eater Awards- Vote now!
Congratulations to&amp;for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp; called Americans stupid on ObamaCare, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump &amp; Mr. Iain Cochrane
ICYMI, myint. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare, the new Congress &amp; 2016
just back from a fabulous 2 days in doonbeg. What a hotel !!Thanks.
Donald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airport 'really successful'
via
Congratsfor being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world!
Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew TahmooressiviaThank you Lois!
I've got to tell you, I love love LOVE the Trump in Toronto.
For those that constantly say that global warming is now climate changethey changed the name. The name global warming wasnt working
Lovely lunch today fantastic hotel #Ayrshire #eat scottish Thank you!
after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a birthday present on Monday Great!
ViabyObamas Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefits
Great point on the Obamacare siteThanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today, #VeteransDay.
Obamas attackon the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
Looking forward to it.You need a permanent position there.They would like that big league - but I have no time!
Remember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change, sometimes for good reason.Trump Never Give Up
You are exactly what America needs going forward! MR. TRUMP for President in 2016 is a SMART BET!
The entire country isFREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
DonaldTrump when will you next appear on television? I am very interested in your opinion of the current NYC real-estate market
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research &amp; development. Defund, Repeal &amp; Replace!
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible!
You'd be a winning candidate for an America starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run!
Trump is an American Capitalist who actually CARES about Americans! Thank you, Mr. Trump!
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming stuff - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
. #LaskerRink.We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
Each and every new event space atlooks stunning. See the transformation for yourself:
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
Located in Central Park, the iconicis NYCs top skating rink. VIP sessions are available for booking
Open for the 2014 season, Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
ViabyTrump Waiting to See Who Runs in 2016
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
love Frank he's so gooooood! what a great start on friday. Thanks!
I am ready to stay at ANY Trump hotel!!! #luxurytravel
Children not spoiled celebrities. Who did something right? You did! No entitlement mentality. #TrumpForPresident
#TP tele-prompter president: when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a TP
you're right! This country is falling apart!! We need a strong leader!! One that will take no B.S.
Definitely the star of Chicago's skyline show! Loved visiting from Toronto!
Good morning Big Guy... Here's hoping we both make a bundle of money today. : )
plus Golic apologies to Bill. Great show line up.
please run Mr. Trump. If anyone can save this country, it is you sir.
Donald, make 2016 happen. Let's do business with countries of financial interest, no more aid on demand.
Run Donald, RUN! Our Nation needs you!!!!
if you run you have my vote on top of that Rand Paul gets to be vice president
excellent- we'll expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- you're the go-to-guy for sense..
you're my hero. Run for president.
. in five minutes.Enjoy!
Ive made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the Trump Hotel Central Park.She doesnt want to go home now.
I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016
- you would rock the house as Prez! #GOFORIT
. location &amp; modern rooms make visitors feel like they're livin' the good life:
Awesome bit onwithand! Funny stuff!
please run for president!
I really want to hearsay You're fired to Reid and Pelosi.
I would vote for you! You could run this country to success!
. I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V.
We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our Presidents stupidity!
ViaBest New York City Hotels:
love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house
Teen Kids News covering the red carpet at the Can't wait until January!
haha I don't even live in America but it would be awesome to see you president lol.
Early morning moonset in Pacific OceanTrump Golf LA in Rancho Palos Verdes
Trump Tower in Toronto still the best!
Dec 11will honor me for my #philanthropic efforts at DonaldTrump's home #Autism Awareness
just awesome!
We need your kind of honesty desperately. Please get into the presidential race.
That was very well done! Thanks for a good laugh to start the day!
Seriously thinkwould be an awesome president.
you're ties are fantastic
Donald Trump is self-made, which gives him lots above other candidates, plus obviously a great president
The+impersonating Donald Trump = Radio Gold.
A spacious hotel room is a rarity in NYC. Just one of the perks of staying #dailydigs
Donald is powerful because his silence cannot be bought &amp; he doesn't carry water for anyone
Trump would make a very, very good POTUS. He is really, really smart and makes great business decisions.
I missed it!!when's the replay!! #epicmoments9.00 a.m. ESPN.
for president 2016
#FFBecause he's a genius and always right. Enough said.
Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!
I will be doingat 8.00 a.m.
nice feature on You're awesome.Thanks.
Love u onYou always make me smile.
Dear Donald, I love you success aftershave. I love to walk out of the house with the confidence that I smell of Trump.
You're really on fire? Amazing. There is a god...
impression ofis my favorite of his. Beyond funny onthis morning.
If Ronald Reagan and JFK were alive, they'd both be votingfor President!
your on fire this morning.. too bad your not the prez.. ;) I agree!
We need less #isis and #ebola and #obama and moreTrue!
As long as Ivanka is involved in his cabinet I'm in. #smartwomen
Another beautiful round at#golf #la thanks
America needs Your Leadership NOW more than ever Mr. Trump.
amazing day at Trump Links, course keeps getting better &amp; better!
Your dad is awesome. He should run for President. He could raise the country like he raised his kids and WOW.
ill help bring home Ohio Mr Future President Love it!
So funny.The+impersonating Donald Trump = Radio Gold.
enjoy dear Donald,,,,,,you are the maximum expression of real generosity
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
your interview was great
You are doing a great job Heather!
Great couple of days at the resort. First class! #BlueMonster #TrumpDoral
When are you going to put your cape on and come save this country??? We need you!!!
I am from Jackson,Kentucky and we need you for President Mr. Trump,,I agree, thanks.
Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run
It feels like I've been waiting for theFOREVER!!!!!! I'm so happy and ready for this season
for president!!!!
Please run, The American ppl need you!
you're the only person who has any clue about our government! #donaldforprez
that segment was awesome. On all sides. Great start for my day, thanks.
'Trumping' the competition!Every midterm candidate withrobocall won. #Election2014
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
One of my goals in life is to eventually do business with
1st time staying at a Trump resort was awesome! Thanks for such impeccable service! #TrumpMiami
Thishotel trumps many Honolulu hotels with its excellent customer service + beautiful setting.
great
Wow, u've attracted a lot sickos to ur Twitter acct. I suppose they r extremely jealous of ur success &amp; wisdom
IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!! #TrumpForPresident!!!!
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
I think your building makes for an excellent photo backdrop #touristinmyownbackyard #chicago
you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?
All about trump for president
Yes, we could use a sharp minded man, who wants to get America back on top of the game.
whether you run or not,you play one hell of a chess game !! #LIFE
Thank you both for appearing onmaking my ride into work this morning so enjoyable.
big fan, run for prez PLEASE
Outstanding. Maybe Frank could dosomeday. And Mr. Trump is a good sport.
I am reading The Art of the Deal by. I should have read it a long time ago. A must read of must reads.
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT. SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
for president 2016
~If Presidential election were today,I'd vote 4 Donald Trump.
Great segment! Ty for the laughs
Ifran for President i would vote for him!
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?
Via Obamas Border Policy Fueled Epidemic, Evidence Shows
. Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
Today is referendum on ObamaCare, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped &amp; all the other lies.
you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today!
for President. Please, at least make a run for it.
. Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
endorsedearly on and he pulled off a real upset - Sounds like #Trump2016 just gained a few points
Sir...I respectfully request that you save America and run for President.
Obamas Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. Thats one reason we needed the Senate.
Watch this video of my wonderful golf clubin beautiful Colts Neck,NJ-
Excited to hear that Jonny Damon will be back on my TV! Thanks#CelebrityApprentice
The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.
Grab your popcorn, because T.O. is on The Celebrity Apprentice in 2 months.
Carson..Great SG or HHS, but not presidential material. To whip this country into SHAPE, I'd vote for
I hope all the R's will stay strong and stand up to O..we need closed bdrs, no common core, lower taxes for bns
Just ordered The Art of the Deal byCan't wait to read itGreat.
Most brilliant casting in the history of TV: Gilbert Gottfried on Celebrity Apprentice.
I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016
you would definately have my vote!
Ifran for president he would have my vote!
.Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer.won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.
Donald Trump is ruthless. His presidency will make people sweat, but there will be real progress.
I must say that anything Donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people's decisions. Smart man!
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
#TrumpAdvice
Can't wait for the new season of #CelebrityApprentice its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection
4 days till YeeeHa!!!! Can't Wait!!
.Congratulations Mitch!
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
I believe that's you!! You'll have my family's vote should you run!!
Very excited forandwedding this weekend.
umm when does #CelebrityApprentice start?! My girl Vivica A Fox is guna be on it so im def watchin!!
It's been way too long! Looking forward to starting the new year with you back on TV! LoveI can't wait!
ViabyDonald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run
Love to see Pine Hill, NJ, one of the finest
Today will be a big dayfor you in many ways. The country is lucky.
Viaby Joe McCarthy: Trump Collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for Washington debut
what do I have to do to get u to run for president #byeobama Just hang in there!
Donald..run for president plezzzzzzzz
You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career!
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
#Trump4President!
HeyI'm very excited to hear we're getting #TheCelebrityApprentice back on TV in just 2 months!
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Good luck toYou will make a wonderful Senator.
Babe Ruth would have hated you, you know this right?!? You just can't beat the person who never gives up.Babe Ruth
#TrumpAdvice
with #joanrivers hosting some - absolutely! cannot wait!! thanks
played there recently and loved it. Great, fair track. Fantastic condition.
DonaldTrump: last year my premiums went up 46%, this year another 220%. Clearly this is a sweet deal for the insurance industry
so when are you going to start campaigning?Stay tuned!
Well, that is quite the line-up ! Predict very good ratings for you Mr. Trump !
ViabyTrump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act
Myint. withannouncing the January 4th premiere &amp; cast of the 14th season of
Trump National Palos Verdes... #golfgem #golfletsgo #golf
Why didhave to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
Congratulations towho has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp; Democrat.
Something tells me a DonaldTrump announcement on If he will/won't run in 2016 will come at season/series final of CA
Its time The world is ready for your leadership
Apprentice is awesome
looking very sharp sir #TriUMPhant
What a great night for the good guys. I'm worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law
you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?
I recorded robo calls for &amp;All had record wins. #MidasTouch
Which means President Trump !
Can't wait to seeon celebrity apprentice hosted by
The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal-
Congratulations toon running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President.
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again!
Factevery successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, its time to move!
Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President of the USA!
Watch to see the new cast of
I'd vote for Donald ! OH yeah
can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed
Myint. withon #HandsOffMyGun, 2014 election results, stopping Obamacare, new Senate &amp; 2016
This seasons cast of brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp; great tasks. EnjoyJan. 4th!
ViaJoan Rivers' last work forwill run on two shows next season, says Donald Trump
Via byBuzz builds for
destroyingas only he can:#Israel
ViabyDonald Trump reveals newcast, talks Joan Rivers' role on show
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough. Tonight everyone is using thatword!
Dreams don't come true visions do, are not dreamers they are visionaries,
. Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed
Hadasked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won.
ViaTRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION Announces Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Baku
Obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp; Change for America.
here's a screenshot of my iphone. please be prez, don trump!!!
Seriously thinkwould be an awesome president.
should honestly be our president...
s new Celebrity Apprentice will have and Kate Gosselin
Photos from thepress conference-Premieres January 4th on
ViaDonald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers' Death: I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistake
Just boughtThe Art of The Deal. Can't wait to read thisGreat!
If I write you in under every race, does that invalidate my ballot? I also wrote Trump Decides on all the initiatives.
Well Sir I am ready to get on the Trump 2016 campaign trail #Trump2016
can't wait for The Apprentice to be back #favshow
You are a Great Man Mr. Trump. Your words of wisdom get me through the day. You could make our nation great again.
.Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral.
You can't make a leader, Mr. Trump was born a LEADER! Thank you.
Happy Halloween!
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Sendto the Senate!
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left.
Awesome job as always! I love hearing what you have to say every week! #Trump2016
You were great Donald!
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
. Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!
I'm currently 16 years old. I'll be eligible to vote next election. Fix Obama's mess and run. You have my vote! #Trump2016
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.Albert Einstein
Amen, Mr Trump! Run for President. We need a strong leader! Stay tuned!
My husband was upset. Trump ties &amp; shirts nowhere to be found i our local Macys! Go to
Save America! Vote for#2016 !
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is. DonaldTrump
Just saw theon Justice, he is probably our best chance to fix this mess BarackObama has made #Trump2016
Strange how Obama was such a great speaker before his election &amp; simply carried on only speaking &amp; no doing.
How does Mr. Trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? Move along ignorant uneducated punks .
WHEW!!! The week is never the same if you don't do Mondays Donald!
Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend? #TRUMP Start with The Art of the Deal.
Canada to ban travel to Ebola hotspots
I echo these words...RUN for the presidency!
A Veteran &amp; true Conservative,will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote
Great vibe
Have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful? Think Like a Champion is a good start
Michael Jackson with Donald Trump #BestMJPics
Next Tuesday, remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border.
Learning from THE manThank you.
ViabyTrump: Obama Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better Than Israel
Sick!!! This country is going to shit! We need real people to run this country. So get moving!
Trump, we are all serious, you better be President friend.
American RTI want America to be the nation it once was #TrumpForPresident AMERICA
RTBeautiful vista over 18th hole atat Menie Estate. DonaldTrump #golf #Scotland
run for office!
Our work group played The Doral last February. It is a magnificent course!Thanks
Great photo. I finished my round with a par. 18 strategically placed bunkers. Risk and reward.
Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter, but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico
. Spa at Trump offers 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline
the best Thanks.
70 stories over Panama Bay,deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views
Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
The world needs a strong US President, I think Mr. Trump would do great. Thank you.
I will be doingthis morning at 8 (not 7).
Andrew Tahmooressi has been freed by Mexico. Obama didn't do anything. But I think thatdid.
Strong debate byNo question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen
. Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
for president #Trump2016 #ibelieve
You have influenced me to become an entrepreneur, I am still preparing my business plan. You're a good man, and thank you.
President Trump has a nice ring to it.
I watch your SHOW every sat nite!! Love YOU n show. LoveTOO
no thanks to obama
please run for office. We can't have Hillary running this country even MORE downhill! We need a leader!
. Thx for the nice storyLook forward to showing you Trump Intl in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans.
I added two newties to my collectionAt Macy's, thanks.
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
Blue Monster! The best course in south Florida
Thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed Marine Tahmooressi. Pathetic it didn't happen sooner.
I feel our country is falling apart by the day, possibly by the hours, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE run for president! #Trump2016
Via Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison
After watchingw/on it, made me realise how good a president Trump will make #Trump2016
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working.will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen
believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks
The prestigious 800-acreboast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants
When it takes this long to get a Marine back from a country where Americans vacation something is wrong.#Marine
you are from the MacLeod Clan!!!! NO KIDDING AMAZING!
I adore them both!!!!!!!!!!
Donald trump for president
ViaDonald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy
I know a lot of people don't like listening to him but he speaks the truth. So true!
Awarded bothFive-Star &amp;ratings, is fantastic.
Brekkie and round of golf at the amazingcourse. Great facilities
. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
Only better! Thanks.
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.Vince Lombardi
Mr. Trump for PRESIDENT
Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama. -GOTV for David this Tuesday!
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
Mr. Trump , I think you are a great businessman. We would all love to read some business tips from you.
bet trump would be like reagan all over again! Nice!
Donald, you have given me some hope for this country. Maybe someone will help those of us on Disability find a job we want to work
THEarrives for #Justice interview. Catch it tonight on
thank you for Being a Great example of America Success story !!! Thank you, so nice.
IF YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENCY, MY VOTE IS GUARANTEED TO YOU!!!! #Trump2016!!!
The Art of the Deal = #1 business book. Over 3 million copies sold. Forbes Article from Oct. 20, 2014.
Hates military. Tues, remember how pres hasn't lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. Only wants illegals to cross border.
.Tonight at9 P.M. on- ENJOY!
Congratulations toand his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
is who my vote will go to#trumpforpresident
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still, never underestimate knowledge!
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
MR. Trump is a Class Act! THANK YOU.
Taking my 9yo to NYC next week for a father-daughter trip. I will take her to see Trump Tower.Architecture done right.Thx
PLEASE save our country, we NEED YOU AS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT.
#FlashbackFridayon the set of
pretty much saved a U.S. Marine from a Mexican prison on his own... Where was Obama on this one? Thanks
gets it right:
don't know that much about Vladimir Putin,but I do know he's a black belt and he's real. DonaldTrump is a figure of strength
RU atwatching #NikWalenda #SkyscraperLive ?
Won't miss it! Don't hold back, say it like it is! Have a Great Day MR. Trump!
Best episode of #Hannity I've seen in awhile. Thanks to your interview, sir. Run Mr. Trump, RUNNNN!
ViabyTrump Hotel Reflects Youthful, Luxurious Vancouver: Ivanka Trump
Trump would run the USA with heart .Trump is right about Mitt.
If Trump runs in 2016, I'd vote for him!
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.President Ronald Reagan
Viaon sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump
#Trump4President ##Trump2016 please run for president you can do so much good
In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Donald Trump
GODBLESS YOU MISTERThank you.
#hannityYou, good sir, are a great American and created a lot of jobs, not like a looney lib! God bless.
no he shouldn't. But Donald Trump should. #trump4potus
I'd vote forway before I'd vote for Hillary. Great!
A 34 story luxury highrise,offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space
You were RIGHT as usual Mr. Trump! You called for Madison Bumgarner after game 6 and Giants are now World Champs!
If you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! You're what this country needs! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016
Love this place. I'm a Trump resort traveler for life! Great and thanks.
You did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in Iraq.. ISIS controls a lot of it today. Good foresight.
Fox &amp; Friends, going on now - enjoy!
Happy BirthdayYou are an amazing daughter!
Nice segment sir....
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote
GODBLESS YOU MISTER
Donald Trump: Mitt Romney 'Blew It,' Shouldn't Run Againviaby
Power to this man!! He cares about this country
I wonder how officialsfeel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to82-27?
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, Best Resorts in Europe: Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Doonbeg voted #1.
Thanks for speaking up for Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi onthis morning.
Enough politicians! We need a business man to get this country back on track!for Prez 2016!
Congratulationsfor being named #12 resort in Europe by the#ReadersChoice2014 awards!
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
Please please please Donald Trump run for president. I have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Mr. Trump. I truly enjoy your insite and opinions. Please run for President, the USA needs your leadership.
Income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of America yep this is Obama America sad
Years ago T said if US removed Saddam Hussein from Iraq, somebody worse would replace him. He was right about that: #ISIS
Readingtweets is my guilty pleasure.
Donald Trump said that before the virus' made it to U.S. That's what I do!
on point as always!
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservativeto Congress!
. Ferry Point in NYC will be one of the best public courses in the U.S., says
Most of us know you would run the US with heart. So true!
Donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo &amp; debt BO has driven us into. He has common/economic sense.
Obama admin. calledchickenshit. Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
Trump on Obama: I never thought it would be this bad
via
Will be onat 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
I tweet about sports,but ifwould run for POTUS, he would beat Hillary and get us back on track. #yourefired
In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest.
The perfect getaway,is Europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury
Articulate &amp; concise as ever, leave it to Trump to identify the clear &amp; present economic enemy;-MEXICO!
Myint. w/ discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner &amp;
great interview, yeah Trump said Iraq would be a disaster yrs back if not controlled..he was right
ViabyThe Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.Samuel Goldwyn
right on!!
6hotels madereaders choice!
Good jobfor not being afraid to speak truth, that is what people need to hear is truth.
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
Viaby Will Be One of Nation's Best Public Courses
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
Both Bush's were bad presidents. Why then---would Jeb Bush somehow be a great president? He wouldn't!
you are my role model such an amazing man. Thank you.
Donald Trump for president
Great job onthis morning!!!
Definitely true #success
he is the Reagan of this generation...if he ran. Wow, thank you!
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
This is why I agree with Donald Trump: They should ban flights from #Ebola infected countries from entering the U.S.
Helluva job Donald I expected nothing less. Speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct.
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses.
Great interview tonight. #Trump2016
I would vote for #Trump for #President any year.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.
great interview onI agree we need a leader with heart and guts! #Trump2016
Myinterviewdiscussing Obamas failed presidency, Ebola, DC Post Office, midterms &amp; 2016
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
Watch me onshow at 10PM tonight on
1000% right about Mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process God can't we wake up.
Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge,is an 18-holesignature course
ViabyDonald Trump: 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight
#TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse!
Great job on Fox &amp; Friends this a.m.; have a great week! Thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border!
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
. in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City, including
good interview. we definitely need more conservatives to speak up.
totally agree.
#Hannity should be havingon (more)!
With our $250M in renovations,offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection
great guest to have on your show.
I agree with Donald Trump, Mitt should not run again. #Hannity
Thank youfor selecting the Ocean View Suiteas one of your top 10 suites
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser.
I agree with u. I was going to vote for u and I still am.
Chinese oil trader just bought record number of Mideast crude China gains while we fight ISIS. What are we doing?
Thank you for reminding everyone we need to #BringBackOurMarine. #MilitaryMonday
Via Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone
I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner. -
no, he can't and will not run. Great man yes, not worth the mud slinging Don't be so sure!
What we need is real CHANGE. What we need is Donald Trump #DonaldTrumpForPresident
Wearing a Trump tie doesn't make you as smart a businessman as Trump, but it does make you look smart
I wish you would run For President Mr Trump we need you God Bless you.
we need you in the White House!!!!! #Trump2016I agree, thanks!
Later today Im being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
Looks like my kind of place D. Trump. You are the man my friendThanks, a great hotel.
Dream on. You have a better chance of Time Warner dumping Jeff Zucker than you do the media ignoring Donald Trump
Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
DonaldTrump needs to run America like a business. Do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about. Make this country right again
BarackObama as one of your employers.. Are you really just turning your back on Isreal??Trump for #President I'm rdy 4 change.
Dont believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote
#laguardia ranked as one of the worst #airports It needsmagic touch.So true, what a mess!
ViabyTrump:has 'the right views'
Who else is as qualified as the Donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one - Donald Trump
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign!
is my idol
The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the gang that couldn't shoot straight. Everything he touches turns to garbage!
I LOVE U
DonaldTrump:Only way to get Obama to do right for our Marine would be for every country club across USA to deny him golf access
I will be in Washington, D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.a great honor!
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he cant even make a website for $5 Billion?
Donald, You are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course Obama has us on. Please run in 2016!
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!
I wish Donald Trump would run for President
We desperately need someone that looks out for our great country. Dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable.
,Very cool, I love NYC
ViabyTrump Callsa CokeheadSchneiderman is by his own admission!
I respect your integrity sir. Rock on.
Donald Trump and Mitt Romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history No, bad chemistry - I like winning!
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
Did Hillary really say Businesses don't create jobs?! #Trump2016
MY FIRST EVER OPPORTUNITY TO VOTE NEEDS TO BE A VOTE FOR U!!! Runnnnnn
Oh Donald! I love you!
ViabyTrump: Next president has to be 'great one'
This is a must read for Donald Trump fans! He tells you how the real estate ...
Donald Trump for president! please save us man omg yes bro!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring!
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
Good night Washington D.C.
is the smartest businessman in AmericaThank you.
President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!
ViabyObama Administration Quietly Prepares Surge of Millions of New Immigrant Ids
The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experienceoverlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!
A smart, POWERFUL, and SUCCESSFUL man like Donald Trump would be the ideal president. We need you Mr. Trump! #Trump2016
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty, a weak border &amp; ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think hed rehire himself for 2016?I dont!
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine!
Starting 2believe Ujust may want 2run for Presidency after-all. Uknow what they say 'Reach For The 50 Stars' We Need CHANGE
Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
Opening for the 2014 season soon, the National Register landmark Mar-a-Lago Club is the crown jewel of Palm Beach
Saudis just cut oil supply,making prices rise immediately while we are fighting ISIS for themWhat are we doing!
if you had one piece of advice for Obama what would it be? To resign from office!
Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty, weak border &amp;
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
I made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.
My husband honored by the Wharton School of Finance. The Joseph Wharton Award. Congratulations!.
Washington DCNYC
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
An interesting cartoon that is circulating.
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Sendto Senate!
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote
Trump, you are great - you speak your mind and should continue to do so
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.Babe Ruth
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam!
#TrumpVlog South African justice-
should run for president
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
lets do this!!! Trump for president
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
#RIPOscarDeLaRenta One of the greatest fashion designers of all time.
I saw the ground breaking ceremony for your DC building. It was you and Ivanka.
#Trump2016
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed!
Run for president, DT! Save us! I know you can!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
Celebrate Thanksgivingwith exclusive viewing access to the 88th AnnualThanksgiving Parade
Please Please think about running in 2016
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc
Please save this country.
A man of business and success, please run for president and fix this country
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
ViaEvent offers glimpse of Trump high life by Holly Ivy Dore Great interview
Run for President!
She would make a beautiful First LadySo true!
seriously needs to run for president
easily, he is one of the most intelligent among America. He would win over HilaryTHANKS!
Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
Congratulations toon the release of her great new book #HandsOffMyGun! Check outexcerpt
.Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
it's my birthday today. The best present you can give me is to be my next President.Happy birthday!
We knew he had no case against Trump U. I have no complaints about the products I bought.Thanks!
The most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up! ~
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
There's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See whererecommends you take in the season's beauty:
is indeed a great man,always says his mind and stands for the truth not minding whose ox is gored.
Mr. Trump, please run for president in 2016! Please!
. Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. Without that he would be deada first class dummy!
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, availableoffers this falls top styles in ties, shirts &amp; suits
A great man once said Don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!
. for president!
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
If only Donald Trump could tell uObama he's fired the world would be a happier place
run for president. We need someone who isn't scared to make the right calls.
Hoperuns for President in 2016..... #Trump2016
Please do our country a favor and run for President.
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
.I got much betterno contestI got Melania!
is an inspirational man!! So nice, thanks!
ViabyDonald Trump: Next president needs to be a great one
Donald Trump for president! please save us man
We are on course of imploding as the once great Roman Empire did.
. must take a drug test immediatelymake results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
Please let Donnie, Eric and Ivanka run the empire for 4 years and #saveourcountry
I dont think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it. - Coach Doc Rivers
Almost only counts in horse-shoes. He had to know statue of limitations was in play - yet he wasted tax payer $'s anyway?Fool AG
. will do much better-
said this from the beginning. Need real leadership #trump2016
Im going to invest a lot of money in Ireland -tells Newstalk's #ntfm
I vote for Trump to make us all rich. Good call.
Greatart. byon Doc Rivers annual golf charity eventDoc is a great friend!
in Iowa: Next President Needs to Be Great, Not Just Good -#iagop #2016
You, sir, are an absolute legend!Wow!
Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and, also, great writing.
Great interview, DT! Can't wait for next week! Run for President! #Trump2016
Famous Brit inserted himself into Russell Brand, Donald Trump feud - and chose a surprising side#WIUNION
ViabyDonald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = COME ON IN
Myinterview discussing Ebola, Obamas incompetence &amp; my trip to Iowa for on Sat.
I bet you never heard this before: Your Hired
.I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost!
I will be onat 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
Mr.TYou were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the Ebola virus. Not enough restrictions to get into the U.S.
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
Mr Trump please run for POTUS in 2016!
Trumps 10000% better theneven if he's not from Utah
3rd rate writer, Vicky Ward, who begged me for help- see her letters to me.
#PresidentTrump2016 FOR SURE!
Good job Donald! We need you to get more involved!!! Way to go!!
for president!
Congrats tofor being namedBest In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
Donald Trump Calls Out Obama Thank you for calling out this idiot!
Donald is onto something here. Russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind
Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong Conservative leader
ICYMI, you can watch my full press conference withon
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion Which I turned into the greatest club in the world-many jobs!
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
. must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
Save America, Trump
Time to bring back The Apprentice Mr. Trump! The new season will be announced by NBC very soon!
Congratulations to&amp; his teamon their important court win for the First Amendment!
It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
And people zinged Donald Trump for talking about Ebola. How is this Klain guy any more qualified?Actually, less qualified
byDonald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence
for president Thank you.
Congratulations to for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment.
If you cant see it, you cant make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. Be positive!
Visited Doonbeg shortly after ur purchase. Really an exceptional course and resort.Thanks!
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
Read about my victory against sleazebagMore people should fight when theyre right!
Republican debates would be interesting with you.
Piers Morgan Inserts Himself into Donald Trump vs. Russell Brand Feud(VIDEO)
Your ties are the best hands down!Thank you!
playing Trump Ferry Point this morning! Looking forward to it. Have a great time!
Young entrepreneursalways remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS
I watched Russell Brandon theshow the other nightwhat the hell do people see in Russella major loser!
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative
Donald Trump Will Be on Pennsylvania Avenue in 2016 &amp; Theres Nothing You Can Do About Itby
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!
I love seeing that Graydon Carter andare failing so badly. Hes only focused on his bad food restaurants.
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the Ebola Czar, just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be less safe with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
I love Mon Mornings when T is onas the voice of reason to tell it like it is&amp;dispel another wk of Obama Lies
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
Donald Trump should really consider running for President. He certainly has his head on right!
African nations r restricting air travel from each other....is that racist?
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue
Its been stated that dopey NYused cocaine while he was a state senator.
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
I love you just for that tweet!
ViabyTrump: Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS
Mr.Trump, If you don't run I will honestly consider moving out of the country. Without your leadership we are in big trouble.
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that wont happen.
YOU'RE SO IN DEMAND IN THE MEDIA BUT WHAT WE REALLY NEED IS YOU IN DEMAND AT THE WHITE HOUSE #DONALDFORPREZ
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT #2016
i lovefinally someone who gets it
150 travelers arriving daily in the U.S. from the Ebola hot zones of west Africa? This is insanity! #StopTheFlights
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time!
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote forObama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for to change things!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
Will vote for you if you run.
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!
if you run for pres, you will automatically win, no doubt. #trump2016 Thanks, but nothing is easy.
Obama: I will control Ebola. = Obama: If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.
This #Dallas girl would vote for you! Thank you.
I think it's about timestands up and announces he's running for President.
As one of my life-long role models &amp; someone I've looked up to in every aspect of life, you have my vote Mr. Trump!
got my vote! Only one with common sense! So true, thanks.
If you never want to be criticized, for goodness' sake don't do anything new. -- Jeff Bezos
salute you sirThank you.
Why don't you run for US president? Watch.
Wow.ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
Jon Stewart would have been a terrible host of Meet the Press
Congratulations to#BlueMonster course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year
Whew finally off of work...I'll say it again..TRUMP 2016.BECAUSE NOBODY LOVES AMERICA MORE THAN DONALD TRUMP. #1
I'm voting for Trump in 2016. We need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around #Trump2016
Yes, please do, we need somebody with a head on their shoulders &amp; knows how to use it
Please run for office. This country NEEDS ur leadership, knowledge, n passion. Also, I'd love to be a part of ur team!
Trump 4 President! Close the boarders and protect our children!
same here.. Run so we get someone in the office that knows what's really going on
Ifran for president, issues in the United States could be resolved. He has my vote! #Trump2016
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
nothing like downtown Chicago!Great building and sign!
It's Tuesday.is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.
never gonna happen-I'd like it too, but he won't run Keep watching!
Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
Will vote for you if you run. Thanks.
Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
served in Army NationalGuard for 35 yrs with honor &amp; will serve #nhpolitics the same!
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt!
We need DonaldTrump in the White House in 2016. Someone w/o political agenda &amp; who just wants to make our country great again
We are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. Donald Trump
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week onLike father, like son.
Donald you're so handsome... i can speak... Paltrow loser... Trump 2016 rock n roll back in the OVAL not Paltrow
For President! The only fighting chance this country has left.hasn't done shit.
Donald Trump is highly suited to be president of U.S. Nice.
Some of my favorite entrepreneurs: and
I would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for TRUMP!
has no filter. He says what needs to be said because no one else will say it.
Awarded 5 Stars by MacLeod House &amp; Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece
Donald, you are my best inspiration to be successful
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
Lightweightis driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicitya total loser!
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top.
don't keep us in suspense, r u running for Pres? You will know very soon, thanks!
Ifdoesn't run we are screwed #Trump2016
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
Mrhas a vlog where he says things U don't wanna hear. But I learned he speaks the truth #trump4Prez!
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
It's five stars for Donald Trump's Scottish hotel:
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!
Walked past your building in Vancouver today...going up very fast...will add some style to Vancouver.
Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline
Donald Trump's golf resort awarded five-star status by Scottish chiefs after US tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion
Amen! Run, Mr Trump! I will vote for you!
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S.
See insidefive star Scottish hotelviaWords by
Great interview Tuesday past with Jim Gardner, must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist
I think Trump vs Clinton would be huge
My favorite building in Chicago Thanks.
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote
Am a Donald Trump follower, we need anybody other than the idiot we have and Trump would be the best
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
I'm from the UK and even I'm voting for Donald! Trump Trump Trump! I'm moving to America!
You were 100% spot on about the judge in the Oscar Pistorius trial. Complete and utter moron.
. in 15 minutes!
Johnis one of the most respected people in politics. Dopeyis one of the least respected!
ViaSteve King for Congress Facebook Page: Donald Trump has a special announcement!
please run in 2016. We can't have another Obama
Myint. onw/ discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa
its time to put a Wharton Grad in the White House! #Trump2016 That is true!
I've never seen anything like it, everything he touches turns to gold!So nice, a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!).
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!
I agree with everythingsaid onthis morning. Put this man in the White House!
If Alison Grimes cant admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you cant trust her! Vote
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Donald Trump's Scottish hotel awarded five-star rating .
Ifruns for office he has my vote
China wouldn't be laughing at President Trump. So true!
we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you! I agree!
A real businessman would lower taxes &amp; remove some 3000 restrictions on businesses. Go Donald!!
Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!
well anyway....Give em hell on the flight ban to Ebola regions.
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
Thegames are so boring now that actually, Im glad I didnt get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!
Donald Trump Teaches Miss Pennsylvania a MILLION DOLLAR Lesson
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
yes Mr. Trump please run for the Oval Office and help bring the USA back to prominence.
I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
Real estate taxes are far too highWestchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
When you're right, you're right. If you were President, I would feel a whole lot better. #Trump2016
Aberdeenshire's first five-star hotel revealedThe best!
ViaBY ramps up with first TV ad, Trump event
please become POTUS and make our nation great again!
Donald Trump for president
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.
Our Country's leaders should have listened to you. Thanks to them, Ebola is now a household name in America.
ViabyTrump: 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeed
I'm at the Trump Doral for an environmental law conference. Very impressed all around.Great.
Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland,voted best course on the planet by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences
just saw you on Greta.... Love listening to you speak. I have so much respect for you.Thank you!
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
#TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers?
ViaBY Jeffrey Lord: Donald Trump was right on Ebola
We need a real leader. We need Trump. Thanks.
Please run for president in 2016.
. should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials!
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
Donald would be the right guy for the USA. I agree.
Just put in ad for a real estate executive: Hard work, low pay, mean boss!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.Walt Disney
Donald Trump, Chuck Todd Agree: No Trust of Feds' Handling Ebola Because of Obama Admin Scandals:
Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
In a little reported event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!
Motivate: why everyone wants Mr Trump for President? because he's outspoken,clever and has business savvy?
Donald Trump tells Fox why he doesn't trust Obama on Ebola: Benghazi!
Terrific and insightful interview withbyGreat piece, Jim! Great info and candor, Donald!
Viaby forza_desiderio: Donald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola: Why Are You Sending Troops?
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
ISIS is advancing even against Obamas airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
ViaAmericans Agree With Donald Trump, 58 Percent Want Flights Banned From Ebola Outbreak Countries
Obama wont send troops to fight jihadists, yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
I know he would make a great president. He makes decisive decisions daily, very sucessful
Waldorf Astoria's sale &amp; 7 iconic New York hotels Congrats DonaldTrump!
Part Of Being A WINNER Is Knowing When Enough Is Enough By
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
Promo for Tonight w/ I left years ago but still interesting--all about timing
Donald Trump for president,that would be a real wake up call to the world, would be a great president Thanks
I will be on On The Recordtonight at 7 PM
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
Lightweightwill probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser!
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious Executive Board Room
Donald Trump for president!
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. Let the stupid Americans do it! SAD
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
really hope you run for president. Your RTs abt u being next pres have my hopes up! Please do our country a favor &amp; run
Please run for President...
ViabyThe Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino
Great news from IrelandClare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel &amp; golf course in Doonbeg.
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!
Just saw your interview withMr. Trump just run for president you'd be surprised to learn we all agree with you!
Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai; Second Course in Planningvia
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run, single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take -
DonaldTrump: ViaBY Jeffrey Lord: Donald Trump was right on EbolaThe Donald is always right!
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
Vancouvers most anticipated hotel &amp; residences,will unveil Canadas first Mar-a-Lago Spa
ViabyWind Farm Proposal NearRejected
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in It is a disgrace!
why don't you run for president. If you run the USA like you run your businesses, the USA would be a better place.
The only reason I bid onwas to make sure they stayed in Buffalo, where they belong. Mission accomplished.
Stop the flights!
your appearance on #gretawire tonight was refreshing to hear! So much common sense!
US airport staff should strike if flights to &amp; from affected countries do not stop
Myint. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama, Ebola, rise of ISIS, Obama's lack of common sense &amp; 2016
Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements. - Henry Banks
Will you PLEASE run for President ??????? You've got our vote! Thanks.
Looking forward to beingthis evening forCorporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral
Congratulations toon his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States ofMy Apprentice champ!
Donald Trump: Obama 'Stupid' or 'Arrogant' for Not Instituting Ebola Travel Ban: On Sunday
#TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola?
Must See Interview! Jim Gardner One on One - Donald Trump - Full Inte:
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. At least 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
China has just overtaken us as the worlds largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers.
Lightweightthe worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill
Theratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations
Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa DOPE
I agree 100%! Please run for president and save this country! #Trump2016
ViaMost Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure
Yes Please Run for President - I said that ages ago while he was at a conference in Sydney Australia
Be sure to enjoy the 50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival atthe Windy Citys top hotel!
My golf clubin Westchester, a great place!
if Donald Trump runs for POTUS 2016 he'd have my vote!
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world.
Congratulationsfor 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant infor a meal youll never forget.
Myint. withon Atlantic City, Philadelphias real estate market &amp; 2014, 2016 elections
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
I have to admitis a tough, smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!
Playing at Trump Los Angeles! Amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! Unforgettable ocean view!
The U.S. needsat this moment Thank you.
Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!
Can you buymerchandise in the UK or do you ship world wide? CheersGo toto order
I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
PREDICTION: Things will be so bad in post-Obama US that Trump will be swept into White House in '16
Designed by Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
Rated #1 Resort in Europe by offers breathtaking golf &amp; the 5 Star Lodge at Doonbeg
Wow Andy, such amazing writing and thought. Thank you!
Hey everyone! Just found an awesome Twitter account that you should check out!!! It's calledvery cool
looking forward to my wedding at Turnberry 2mo! Ur staff has been amazing! It will be fantastic!
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
I pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need. Please run in 2016.
Reading DonaldTrump's The Art of the Deal for my entrepreneurship class. So many cool stories and business lessons to learn
no common sense in Washington
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Please run. No one will defeat you. Thank you!
We can't just stop flights. It might offend the west Africans, and we can't do that!
We want to build everything in Dubai
via
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.
If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!
We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian rebels. What is wrong with Washington?!
our troops are trained to put a 7.62mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus
We seriously needfor president. # TrumpForPresident
Donald Trump to crownas Miss Universe venuevia
36 hrs Central Park as seen inincluding a stopfor a bite inFull article
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends ( at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
Congratson new book A Little Bit Vulnerable you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
There's only one man I'd trust to fight ISIS. That's right: Good choice, thanks.
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
should be president..
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
I love
#TrumpAdvice
is this one yours?? #nyc #soHo Yes, it's called Trump Soho!
Please run for president
MR TRUMP IS THE BEST Worldleader#empirebuilding #downtoearthbillionaire Hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
Donald Trump: ABC's 'Black-ish' Title Is Racist
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House
For President
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!
Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ...I will not sue Darnell
is one of the smartest men in america... put him in the office. So true, thanks!
Excited to see elevated fine dining explored by
Do you think crookedwill ever challenge the NFL tax status? Notoo many friends and contributors in
. I'm pulling an all nighter in the library studying so I can hopefully do half as much as you one day Great
ViabyTrump Wants Ebola Travel Ban
RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Save us!
And the military doesn't have a heck of a lot of respect for him either.
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!
#donaldforpresident
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but cant be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
This is whereneeds to be the President.
They are planning on building windturbines near Turnberry Golf course, on Knoweside hill Not without a fight!
Hey, the sign looks good this morning! See it everyday, as I work around the corner at SOUTHCOM.
Viaby Works to Beat Breast Cancer
How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled Blackish? Can you imagine the furor of a show, Whiteish! Racism at highest level?
Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... I was playgiarized!
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died.
thank you for being the voice of reason!
we really need a person like you to lead our country #trump2016
Trump to campaign for via
My advice: run for president!
. Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
Our views trump the rest for the #Thanksgiving #MacysParade. Stayfor exclusive parade access
Donald Trump's 1987 The Art of the Deal spent 45 wks on the New York Times' bestseller list:#Forbes400
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
you are the Smartest man in america. Why aren't you president. Who needs Obama? We need you! Please run!!
I seriously admirewatching his show 'celebrity apprentice' was my inspiration to do well as a kid Great.
THANK YOU! EXACTLY!
ViabyTrump: 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threat
Trump for President! ! Please!!!
Why is it O makes absolutely no sense while Donald Trump makes perfect sense!!!
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.Enjoy!
RTSuccess is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. - Johnny Cash
calls a spade a spade, would be a breathe of fresh air in Washington.
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!
Great minds never stop. Such qualities make great leaders and fantastic decision makers. #trump2016
is one of my fav.entrepreneurs of all time Thank you.
The worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about Ebola
Obama isn't smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. Please run for POTUS. We need you.
'Everything in Dubai': Learn from Emirate's rebound, says viaby
I saw Donald Trump on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous when I was 4.That man must of had a drink -&gt;fountain of youth.
#TBT: Donald Trump meets a very uncomfortable-lookingin 2006. #ThanksLD
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!
Wtgfor president i vote for u
ADiamond &amp; Green Star Diamond Award winner,is the nations top public course
#TrumpForPresident
Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!
Watching the Ryder Cup onVery interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite!
This coming election is the first one I can vote in and I hoperuns so he can get my vote #Trump2016
Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitchfor speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader
Congratulationson being named a Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families by
.What a year it has been for you-- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.
U would do more in 1 week than Obama has in 6 yrs! #Trump4Prez #FireObama
I'm back followingand my twitter life just got better! #PresidentofTweet Great.
ViaNYs Central Park Horse Show a huge success
reading Never Give Up by Donald Trump, he is my idol. Please see this Mr. Trump!!Great.
What a stunning hotel! Great work!Thank you!
Donald Trump is my favorite Mac Miller songAnd mine tooooo!
I've never voted before, but ifruns for president I'll vote for him. #trump
Ill bet if I didnt harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone, they wouldnt have done itbut it bends &amp; breaks!
I hope that he runs also! We need a real leader in DC.
RUN FOR PRESIDENT
If you can dream it, you can do it. waltdisney Hope your dreaming of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.Think Like a Champion
I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. ~ Donald Trump
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.Donald TrumpTrue!
2016
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
FINALLY! Someone who gets what is really going on in this country! Please consider fixing it! #2016
you are my #1 man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else! Thanks.
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
The 2013Course of the Year, Trump Natl Bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022
his books are great Thanks.
Inside Donald Trump's Scottish golf course
via
Canplease run for president!
Ifruns for president it will be the first time I actually go out and vote. Great!
. offense, and good luck on the new show, but remember, you started it!
Can't wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in DC. We know it will be fabulous!Thank you.
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books. I am now writing The Art of the Deal, Part II.
Enjoying looking over the water from your Chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary. Great place!
And last time I was there it was immaculately clean too Very important.
When is the Apprentice coming back? Very soon, recently finished shooting - and it is great!
Wow, the golf course in Ireland is designed with great taste &amp; attention to detail! :-) Thx
I am totally voting forif he runs for President!! Thanks.
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
Offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design, condominiums are world-class
. Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!
.You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer youd be the champ. Great going!
Interesting case from UK reand abusive troll
When youre in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punchand dont telegraph ithit hard &amp; hit fast!
Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark,beams over Fifth Avenue
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump
I hope you run for president too
what's holding you back from running for president? Live &amp; die for your beliefs... Stay tuned!
. Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Just bought at Macy's my 2014 installment of your Shirts for Christmas! Gorgeous colors this year! and Fabric.
I will be onMonday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
Patrick ReedWe are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
I really really really hope thatruns for president. It would make all my dreams come true. Thanks.
With Terry McAuliffe, Gov of Virginia, at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville, VA--largest on East Coast.
So cool to seerespond to so many people who tweet at him. A true role model in the business world.Thanks.
lets go #Trump2016
Donald Trump needs to run for President. You'll have my Vote when you decide to run for Office. Thank you.
With $250M of renovations, Trump Int'l DCs 250 expansive guest rooms will be DC's top offering of amenities &amp; views
Interesting reports emerging after our No vote that soapy kept from us. Among them, windfarms slashed property value by 12%
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
I hope you will consider buying back the Trump Plaza &amp; Taj returning them to the great places they once were Will take a hard look.
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote forObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
We were at the Trump Int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in for many reasons Thanks.
It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients. Thank you.
Hope you announce that you're running for president! You'd get my vote!
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!
Las Vegas' most elite destination,has 64 stories of golden glass &amp; offers ultimate luxury
played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job
Go toto help my friend Scott Brown take back our Senate.
Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democratsviaby
I willbe releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxteronly to show the bias and stupidity of him andClowns!
I rarely get star struck - but I've just interviewed Donald Trump foryeeeehaaaaa
Johnny MillerGreat job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
The&amp;5 star restaurant, is NYC's top destination
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
If I was an American I'm sure I would vote forfor president.
ViaDonald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved
Obamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands UninsuredObamaCare is not working and has missed all targets.
Must watch for all Georgiansnew ad Secure Our BorderMichelle Nunn supports amnesty &amp; ObamaCare
you are the man, telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing. I respect you.Thank you.
. The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
I will be doingat 7.00 (15 minutes).
. Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
.Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
Trump 2016! #trump2016 Please! Bring class, leadership and competence back to #America. You have my vote!
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him.
should Mr.Trump know who two random people are. He's a celebrity. He gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice.
stayed last month, great time, great service, great pool &amp; great view of 'The Strip' from room!
We need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get Mr.T elected president.
Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself. -
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RTout of kindness I retweeted. Maybe Ill sue.
When I go to New York my first second and third stop isand hopefully get to see Great!
Nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship! Thank you for being that guy! Thank you.
you're my hero. Keep up the good work. #TrumpForPresident
I was wondering your take on Obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? Big deal or no? Terrible!
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best Thanks
Obama:I will destroy ISIS = Obama: If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.
Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syrias borderWrong. These are the civilians planning the war.
Way to gowhat a good sport. Vince, only for you!
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator they have Sen. Mitchwho may be next Leader &amp; bring $s to KY
spot on interview!let em play, put the flags away!
Interesting article about Atlantic City
Why do all u haters follow Trump...pathetic Good question!
Donald trump for president!
love your response onthis morning regarding thebrand
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. - Stephen Covey
Donald Vs. Vince McMahon at Wrestlemania 23. EPIC
Seriously love all things Trump! #justsayin Thanks.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.Abraham Lincoln
Great article on so-called climate change, formerly known as global warming.
Donald Trump you should run for president seriously
The views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. You are a businessman &amp; artistThx
It was a great honor to be ononWow, the response was amazing!
everything you just said on mike&amp;mike was exactly what Ive been waiting for someone to say. Thank you!
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3*
With panoramic views of Central Park &amp; the Manhattan skyline, 5 Staroffers 176 newlyrenovated rooms
DAMAC &amp; #Trump Organization are developing a 2nd Trump #golf course, Trump World Golf Club #Dubai, at AKOYA Oxygen!
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Must read article by&amp;Americas Untapped Energy WeaponWe don't need foreign oil!
GOP will not win until they fire all of the political consultants
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties Go check them out.
ur so right about the nfl becoming a game Not worth watching anymore PC ppl have killed the game
RTHiits my birthday any chance of a retweetHappy birthday!
man I'd love to see u as our prez. U speak my language sir. God love youThank you!
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!
I couldn't agree more withabout the NFL becoming the No Fun League. I'm glad someone finally came out and said it!
Always enjoy listening to you onToo bad this Administration doesn't take your advice!
you guys need to haveon every week!
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
great phone interview on espn! Ps forget buffalo, buy the Chicago#sonsofwrigley
Zegarelli and Vescio:Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved nowvery bad for town.
Will TRUMP-A-MANIA run wild again in Atlantic City? DonaldTrump#Wrestlemania4 #wrestlemania5
Without passion, you dont have energy, and without energy, you have nothing! Just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well.
Lovingonthis morning!
The NFL is becoming unwatchable; because of the flags -
Donald Trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently. Many agree, thanks!
Emanuel is nuts, period! Your sign is wonderful on your building in Chicago! Thank you.
Trump Natl Westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in New York. A great place.
Good to hear news of you and Turnberry in Ayrshire Scotland. South Ayrshire has best weather in Scotland,so good choice
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front!
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. Whats next?
The people of Scotland have spokena great decision. I wishwell &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for thebecause of me!
. ispick for the Best of Weddingswith our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean
I loved your views on ESPN this morning. Need your views in the NFL.
Donald Trump 2016. You better win.
TRUMP-A-MANIA NEEDS TO RUN WILD AGAIN IN AC! So true, after I left it lost all energy and spirit!
I can't believe I agree with everything you said on#worldisover
According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
in 2017 when obama (hopefully) leaves office and we can began to rebuild America from his nightmare. Thx
he will win in 2016
Did anyone just seeonHe nailed it.
Donald, you will win, but I have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth!!
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to moderate rebels in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
just passed the great man's tower! Nice.
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in apoll,will beat her in November.
We have 2 more years of suffering under Obama. Can we at least have some fun while suffering? #Trumpfan
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
Obamas rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
Loved listening tothis morning onfantastic and true view points on the sad state of the NFL
LOVE hearinglaying the hammer on theonthis morning. Trump For Commissioner!!!!!
PREACH!!! U killed it on! #NFLestaDepinga
You should run for POTUS, I would back you 110%!
i'm a german social democrat, but don, go for president. I want to see real competition
Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high, roads in terrible conditionrepave Pine Road.
not only do you have a great name.. you'd win and do a great job. Hugfor me :)
was speaking the truth this morning onToo many flags, let the boys play.
Mr. Trump, I would love to see you spice things up, and cut a rug on #DancingWiththeStars They would love to have me!
Love how Donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on.
Trump 2016?
Learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
NFL is forever changed and I'm afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
great interview
There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.-- Dean Smith
I am convinced that ifhad not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him!
Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
great segment on fox and friends. #takebacksenate
Great job onthis morning.could run the NFL much better
Idk if anyone watched Mike and Mike this morning butspoke the absolute truth
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. -
run for president, win, and handle it!
great call from100% agree with him on the stated of the NFL and football in general.
From rags to riches, and back to rags!
China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they wont lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for Chinas gain?
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!
Absolutely right!! #mikeandmike
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy!
Wow,knows how to build 'em. #Chicago True!
Thank God, I need my DT fix Cute!
couldn't agree more! Please our country needs a true strong leader! I'm terrified for this country now!
even if it's only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
Wish you were President right now...One can hope...We need a leader in a leaderless country
--- soforcommish? Loved his views.
loved your time ontoday. Great points and views.
The American public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class. Another plan of our Socialistic President.
for president
Viaby looking to hire hundreds
The so-called moderate Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obamas address. We should not be arming them!
I know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016 #MuchRespect
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
You were spot on about the game of football being boring. Too many flags.
for President 2016. I would be first in line at the polls.
.interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury
#MissUSA is way classier than #MissAmerica
Mr. Trump you are one of the people I most admire ! Greetings from Venezuela!. Thanks.
Don't forget you were also the ONLY person to host Wrestlemania in back to back years So true, thanks.
trump you will make the greatest president since Lincoln Wow, nice!
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
Listen to whatsaid He just summed up what all the fans feel about the league
you should be our new president ..
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - Donald Trump
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africabefore it is too late.
was right. The NFL is ruining the game with all of the penalties. As a fan, I'm losing interest.
WOW, what did I wake up to? Awesome take.#NFL
Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out.
Just met with David PerdueHes a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero
I would love for you to run. What would be your plan on stopping ISIS?? Military mom here. Love you
Have to agree with Mr. T, what will ruin NFL is not the off-field idiocy, but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle
you always know what to say. You're an inspiration for millions if not billions. Thank you.
-Let the court &amp; league discipline them and move on. Agree with Mr. T, theneeds to worry about product on field
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry
you were right on! Agreed with product on field is horrible
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
well said this morning onthe NFL has become the No Fun League. #nfl
The silver lining in you not buying the Bills is that you can HOPEFULLY rescue what's left of this country&amp; RUN! So true!
Donald Trump has more know how, grit, and integrity than George W. Bush. Very true!
I honestly don't doubt it. We need a real leader in there.
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
Please run for President again! America is almost finished but might have a chance if you're President in Jan.2017.
taj employee here mr trump, we will welcome you back with open arms! We need you back! Thanks Mark, I am looking!
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!
he will help. He is a great man!
sadly, they of course will blame you for the failure. Idiots.And I haven't been there in years.
Via Pageant Coming toin 2015
PLEASE run for President!!! We need you to straighten out this Country!!
DonaldTrump Please for all of humanity run for President. But use your money to campaign so you don't need to return favors.
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
On 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp; our freedom.
you should be the next president Don Thanks.
Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going, I wasn't one of the idiots that voted for Obama. #Trump2016
had a good point this morning onThe refs are flag happy, and make watching games boring.
Wow,an actual good guestkeeping it real on his view of the #NFL #refreshing
On Mike and Mike,in two minutes!
thanks for telling it how it is
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. - Johnny Cash
so are you running for president? Time will soon tell, but if I do, our country will be great again!
Obamas promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong. - Calvin Coolidge
Great point! Freedom is not free and the American people are tired of paying for it! It's time for other nations to pay up!
Please please please letrun for president. That would be awesome.
I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price,to save Plaza &amp; Taj. They were run badly by funds!
Everythingsaid right on the money!
100% right about the excessive flags and tackling
Please run. I'd like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office. Remember what you said!
I honestly think he needs to run for president. I'd vote for him in a heart beat. Man's a genius!! Thank you!
That isn't even a real number! Nice try, you will see Donald Trump by a landslide in 2016!
If you cant focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
IMPORTANT -&amp;will hold a hearing on Oct. 1w/USMC Sgt. Tahmooressis mother &amp; wife
Viaon sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump
Kinda early to decide, but i'm going to befor halloween lolHave fun!
With championship linksworld-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations
Completely agree with whatjust said about the penalties and the hits. [1/2]
We just need to letrun the whole world. #Trump2016 It would be a fantastic place, thanks!
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Mr. Trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son, Carson. How much do you need?
for oncemakes sense. Thehas become less entertaining due to all the flags.
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
Always be prepared to start. - Joe Montana
should be oneveryday. Such an interesting guy. Thanks.
Fantastic interview of Mr. T both on a business perspective and a fan. Maybe the best interview you have ever had.
Offering river, lake &amp; skyline views,339 5 Star rooms range from Deluxe Suites to Spa Guestrooms
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
With adesigned course directly along the water,is North Carolinas elite club
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
Entrepreneurs:Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
is the man.
I'm on board with#Trump2016
Disclosing his finances would make Donald Trump the most wealthy President ever! So true!
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best shows
great interview onthis AM! The Donald for commissioner!!
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Votein November!
Seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you. It's now or never! We need you. #USA #noworneverSo true!
#SaudiArabia Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces, bullies, cowards. They have the money, but no guts
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc.
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!
I think thatshould be the next Commissioner of the#BringBackFootball
I wish you were president sir!
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watchingreally exciting!
ObamaCare has cut workers pay by over $22B &amp; eliminated 350,000+ small business jobsRepeal before it's too late!
All fact, but of course haters never check the DATA, your business decisions are sound &amp; you have the success 2 prove it
you and your family amaze me, can't think of a nobler family in history. Thank you
Donald in the House. You nailed it down.
I hope you run for president when Obama's corrupted term is done.
Mr. Trump with #lodha is developing the iconic #trumptower in #mumbai.
Boasting&amp;5 Star ratings, features a superb menu
The Art of the Deal got me off my ass and got me in the game. We all have 24 hours in a day. No excuses for me. Thanks!
you speak the truth True!
Where serenity meets luxury: Trump Natl Jupiters Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality
Might buy a tv just to seeon Monday mornings onGreat.
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline,Championship course is a classical Scottish links
Thank you!!! Love Buffalo! My great honor!
now that I know you're on every Monday, I'll definitely be listening
I would definately vote for you
Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.Trump: How to Get Rich
#vaccines #Shills insist #Autism starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine
If Trump was President, there would be Jobs all over, and Professionals like me would not have to move to another country.
Joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on Celebrity Apprentice!
The difference is Successful people like the Trumps need no excuses.Thanks!
! imagine how mad you'd be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the countryI will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Joan Rivers funeral: Donald Trump, Howard Stern among star-studded cast of mourners
So true.. They should pay up for our protection, and by the way stop persecuting Christians over there too!
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
Trump is Trump-Card to Success in USA ! Make him President of USA
FactObama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
The Trump Signature Collectionavailableoffers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best!
Mr trump will u save America and run? I know the job sucks but we need it fixed. So true!
ICYMI, viamyfrom yesterday on Obamas dangerous disconnect
. We need a Trump Tower in Atlanta. I will buy the first unit.Great!
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
I am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers. I get inspired all the time by your story.
we love you Mr. Trump. Thank you!
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site cant even secure your personal information.
it just blows the mind that this President is still in office.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friendsat 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
any plans to come back to Dubai- looking forward to playing 18 on your course!Great!
38 stories high,462 luxury guest rooms &amp; suites offer exceptional services
getting a lot of praise fromon Fox News about Joan Rivers funeral.Howard did a great job!
Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!
Thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. There's Donald Trump for one.
Great question...agreed
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. - Dean Acheson
Always good to seeRock and Rollin' at the Aerosmith show. Joe--it was great meeting you--fantastic concert.
Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!
TRUMP = TRIUMPH = TRUMP Find the differences?? Next president!!
No one respects golf more than me, but there is a time and place for everything- Mr.Trump hitting the nail on the head!
can't imagine living a day in your shoes. It must be remarkable. But never easy!
Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check place of birth
If you want to test a man's character, give him power.Abraham Lincoln
anyone that knows you, knows it has nothing to do with you. Don't worry about defending yourself. You ROCK!
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!
Please do more Apprentices', know you're busy but once a year is NOT ENOUGH !!!!Love that show !!! Thanks.
Attention Arnold Palmer:Happy Birthday, Arnold. There is no one like you --The King!
In '09, Obama released the ISIS chief. The terrorist gloated Ill see you in New YorkHistoric nat'l sec. error
What kind of president doesn't get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn't the thing to do? Detached from reality he is
please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possibleVery soon.
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional global warming is worse.
I'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
when am I gonna get to see some more of The Apprentice??? I miss seeing you weekly!:Soon!
Flashback from October, 2013: Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screenYoure welcome! Apple listened.
you are 100% right. Enough is enough.
Pecfect! Why aren't you President?
Everything you can imagine is real. Pablo Picasso
Obama's mind, IsIs, ebola, etc.... and then thinking, boy I wish I was on the golf coarse. What should I wear on the Links
You can bet your rear-ends that D. T.WOULD have a strategy, and WOULD HAVE A YEAR AGO. Great segment!.
For President #2016
Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Rivers's funeral breaks my heart, I feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice
You were a good friend to Joan and I enjoyed the Apprentice show with her.Thanks, Mr. Trump. Thank you.
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low, over 92M Americans are out of the work force.
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
loved that season!!!!! #RIPJoanRivers Everyone did, thanks.
...in India we LOVE Donald Trump. Wake up, America, recognize the sheer class of this man.
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
Soaring 92 stories,boasts a5 Star rating for both its hotel &amp; restaurant
They should pay us FREE OIL for the next 100 years.
Home of the iconic Ailsa, a four timecourse,is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline
Mara-a-Lago is unbelievably spectacular.Thank you!
Great event last nightwithto support
Mr. Trump sure would like to see you run for president! Thank you!
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice.
It was awesome Seeing you at the Ryder cup announcement last week! So glad to have the PGA of America coming to your course Tnx!
Donald Trump Talks Joan Riversviaby
Saudi Arabia is already paying ISIS
Would you please run for President? People respect you!!! And know you don't play around!
That's right we aided in their wealth and their silence on this matter demonstrates their acceptance.
#IfTrumpWerePresident, this country would be the classiest, most established, most admired place in the world. 100% TRUE!
Ourwas AWESOME as as Bill Belichick, Ron Jaws, Donald Trump and Jerry Jones. MUST WATCH:
probably one of the most beautifulladies to walk the planet, of courseis her husband!
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
seriously - USA could use a man like you running this country! We could be great again! #Trump2016Thank you!
hard not think Atlantic City and not think of you..you're an icon there and always will be, god bless you!
thank you for your support #CDCwhistleblower You're welcome.
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
Senator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Sendto the Senate!
Please run for president, Mr Trump!
The next generation of luxury,will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline
Wishing her well!She was awesome when she was on Celebrity Apprentice!Very smart. True!
Watchandaccept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge-
I never thought you would do it! Great video and for a great cause. Well done sir! #ALSIceBucketChallenge Thx
I loved your ALSchallenge! I'm so happy that you showed real men can do it! Obama NOT! Thanks
Loved your ice bucket challenge. I hope everyone shuts up about your hair now.
words. My Nephew is a US Marine soon to be heading into harms way again. It's gonna be a long 7 months for us. Good luck
Class actWay to go. #ALS big props!Thanks.
Must read quote byinarticle Builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings
The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well. -
You don't have to be President to make a difference,You saved New York from mediocrity. Thank you, people do forget!
Trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. Nothing like that kinda candor Thx
Best of luck toon hisdebut this Sunday.
Woah! Well done fella. I honestly thought for all these years that was a wig. See, I told you so, thanks!
MrTrump, today @ church preacher said that if Abraham was modern he would be someone like you. Thought you should know. Thanks
Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.
At last, thehair debate is finally put to rest - all thanks to the ALS #icebucketchallengeThx--I hope so!
you nailed it Donald!! Full of energy the day before!!
Waking up early and studying my idolGo get 'em!
Trump tower Mumbai Golden opportunity
Successful Business 101: Ifbuys, you buy. If he sells, you sell. Don't ask just do it
we've got some political s'stuff'that has to go,but you,why dont you run for president?
You are my idol! I'm stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! At my breaking point! Give me strength DT! Get out!
I agree. U would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force.
Taking risks &amp; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself -Trump Never Give Up
Donald you speak the truth .
THE DONALD 2016
Please run for President!!!!
The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox
Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority.Think Big
what a great sport!!Good job!! #ALSIceBucketChallengeThank you.
it shows u r a class act by doing the ice bucket challenge.. Unlike our president..Thank you.
i don't follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you!!!
What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing
My friend's son, immediate #autism after #vaccines 10 yrs ago. So sad. Keep up good work Nay-sayers will understand soon.
The #Hyperlapse app in
I would finally register to vote if you ran. You would be an awesome president.
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?
THE DON 2016!!! I CAN SEE IT NOW!
You are the man Mr Trump. Your ALS Challenge was epic and all it represented. Love to the fam. Thanks Lorenzo.
I attendedconcert last night in Newark, NJ. Doesnt get any better than that.was fantastic, great energy!
Mr. Trump i seriously love you, your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real, and you speak your mind!
will u please run for president
Mr. Trump, when is the announcement of Miss Universe Host City?We love you and your pageant, we just want to know Soon!
Thank you for supporting American values. That's easy!
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
just played Trump aberdeen yesterday, might just be the best golf experience I've ever had! Great, thanks!
Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
For president #2016election
Just Amazing! Well done! Great you accepted that challengePersonally I had no doubts about that! Thanks
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarine
Looking forward to being at theannouncement tonight.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horsesone vaccine at a time, over time.
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020, over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country.
Her son was over-vaccinated. #CDCwhistleblower #hearthiswell Terrible.
It is fine that despite your achievements, you have not lost sense of humour!
Thanks.
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.Pres. Ronald Reagan
The Mar-a-Lago Club, the crown jewel of Palm Beach, is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places
your a very smart man and more people should follow in your footsteps Thank you!
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is host to the 2014 Great Irish Links Challenge
. Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!
Way to gowhat a good sport. Thanks Vince, but you are the greatest of them all.
What better way to start a movie than havingin the first 3 min. Yes I'm watching Zoolander on Great!
has some of best books out there. no fluff. real grit. real world wins.
. He's answered the call!responds to#ALSIceBucketChallenge!#SmackDownALS
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf atwhite sand $250M premiere course
Entrepreneurs:Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Knowexactly what you want and go for it.Nothing should be haphazard.
Entrepreneurs:See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking. -
just home from great couple of days atTremendous golf course, simply outstanding. Loved it. Great, thanks.
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally, hope is not a strategy.
Way 2go!You created awareness for MILLIONS. Looking 4ward to&amp;Thanks Butch.
hey our week at your vegas hotel was very nice. Classy hotel. We will return Great, thx!
Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.Think Big
Young entrepreneursbe patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work, success will follow. Keep your focus!
So many people who have children with autism have thanked meamazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports!
New hairstyle for Donald Trump? We think it looks great all slicked back!#ALSIceBucketChallenge Maybe I will do it someday--thx!
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back.It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump ;) #ALS May happen, thx
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
Just watched your ALS ice bucket challenge. BIG RESPECT to youThank you.
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her!
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!
There are no words to describe this. My bossis awesome! Thanks Larry.
Hair-raising stuff as golf mogulproves that it is his real hair with his #IceBucketChallengeThanks.
Joan Riverswas an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in, send them to Gitmo.
In my book,had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!
I am being proven right about massive vaccinationsthe doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future.
Erik's story breaks my heart. Vaccines destroyed his family. Very sad!
gorgeous building in Chicago from a true self made American and he cannot brand his own masterpiece? #SMH #trump2016
I'm not against vaccinations for your children, I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time &amp; autism will drop!
Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!
We just received a #DoodleForHunger byfor our 2014 Celebrity #Art Auction:Good cause.
Obama once said he would be ignoring the law by granting amnesty through executive action. Now hes about to do it. What will Congress do?
stayed your new hotel in Chicago this past weekend. One of the best places I've stayed Thanks.
I dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai #coztrumptowersisthebest
The ISIS thug who murdered Amer James Foley may hv been Gitmo detaineeyall want close gitmo so bad
I can't help thinking how great the USA would be if you were president!
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. ~ Donald Trump
ViabyPoll: Hispanics, Blacks Call for Tighter Borders, Access to Illegals' Jobs
Obamas motto: If I dont go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
if you run for President I will go door to door convincing people to vote for you.Thanks!
you are correct. Emmys were awful.
I would vote for you sir. Never again will I vote for a career politician like #Obama. I did, twice. Regret it.
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward withalmost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
With the record $200M renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in DC), Trump Intl Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
THE DONALD SHOULD BE PRESIDENT
Donald Trump is hands down the best Mac Miller songSo true!
My wife, kids and I visited NYC last week. I loved going to the #trumptower. It was beautiful, as I had hoped! Great, thanks
Couldn't agree more!Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible.
Seth Myers is unwatchable. I don't know how he got his own late night talk show.
He was really terrible. Has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in?
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!
It would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel Obvious moron at conformation hearings.The worst I have ever witnessed
You're the man.We need you as our President. Not a man who gives free money away like candy.We work hard for our money!
ViaBut did his hair survive?&amp;dump water over Donald Trump
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!
Donald Trump: ISIS 'Awakens the Lion' With Journalist Beheading (includesvideo)
So much hate on. People need to calm down and understand what this nation needs. #Trump2016 Thank you!
Viaby tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M
Homer Simpson Nominatesto do the #IceBucketChallenge check out the video clip
Would you consider an appointment like Sec. Of defense? Or Treasury? #needtrumpsomehow
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
-- Abraham Lincoln
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. ~ Donald Trump
for president 2016! Please! Our nation needs to be saved! I agree!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Melania would make a great first lady
Good job, Homer!Good luck!Thanks, I'll need it!
Its Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!
Seth Meyers lame 'act' provingcorrect; #Emmys are almost unwatchable.
It's no secret thatis my hero. Think big. Work #smart Thanks Jill, best wishes.
DonaldTrump: Pls don't run for president. If you do and win, the rest of the world would be screwed So true, (except friends)!
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.Donald Trump
Donald, get in there and take control of this nation for us!
Emmys are a joke. the donald needs to fix them like he did with the Miss Universe pageant.
you should run for presidnet Thanks.
- so talentless, what was he doing there?
. award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city
I regret voting for O. I thought he would be great. He's spineless and weak. Worst prez ever. Clearly
mr trump- played your bedminister course today.. Best country club in US #baller Many agree, thanks!
I think Washington or Lincoln would endorseif they were still around Thank you.
Towering over trendy Bay Street,offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views &amp; elite amenities
I officially accept#ALSIceBucketChallenge... Very good Eric, I am always proud of you#StrikeOutALS
Chalk failure up to experience, dont take it personally, and go find your next challenge.Trump: Never Give Up
Anytime you have something on an ocean, a river, or a lake, it's hard to blow it
Congratulations toandYour baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine
i was just ranting about this to my wife! He has nothing and you're the only one honest enough to say it.
when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? You got my vote! Thanks!
also can you be our president. Because you would be amazingggg.
People I'd pay to see do that bucket thing: Donald Trump, Madonna, Bono.
I have never laughed at one thing from Seth Meyers or Jon Stewart.
I love Donald Trump. People are just jealous. I admire his family. Good man that would be a great Potus
The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all-
A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments, military vetwill make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa, send Joni to DC!
Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
Congratulations toon Emmys Rating Tumble Just as I predicted, Seth bombed! .
called it theare going to awful! #awful
report this~#CDCwhistleblower
Great job on the Turnberry Resort Donald! in Scotland which I saw this week while in Scotland.Thanks.
Kimmel was way funnier than Meyers. I don't think I laughed once at anything Seth said.
I will be onat 7.30 A.M.
Everyone wants to back you for '16. Don't think Hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team.
#IceBucketChallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is-
. is the most competitive GOP option against Obamas amnesty lovingHe can win!
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers!Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.
I dont get the whole thing with Seth Meyers either. Kinda bland..
never got why seth meyers was funny, good point!
#PayMyBillsChallengeI nominate you
I frequently sport your French cuffed shirts. Fit to a tee and always receive compliments. Very well done #DTCollectionThx.
Young entrepreneursbe resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed, promote yourself!
Trump Natl Jupitersdesigned course is a challenging &amp; innovative 7,531 yds w/special features
Michael McEwan of Bunkered magazine recently had the opportunity to meet Mr.Trump
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
Trump trumps the field at Pro-Lady Team #golf Great going team!
- saw the NYC Trump buildings this past wknd! amazing! Can't wait to go back n see more! Great, thanks.
DonaldTrump - I would LOVE..LOVE to see debates between D and (we assume) Hillary. Talk about a PPV event. D is great!
I took the Ice Bucket Challenge and I nominateto follow me! Just watch my Twitter tomorrow!
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
. is Sin Citys most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegas most luxurious hotel rooms
Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible!
Viaby Giving back is a priority for me
Yes, and what a great first lady we would have!True!
Please run for president. It's been a long time since we've had an honest president. You are called to do great things.
God awful show. Many excellent shows were snubbed that were much better.
He who demands little gets it. - Ellen Glasgow
. is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out
. I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow.
Viaby Jeffrey Lord: Donald Trump Takes Ice Bucket ChallengeDares Obama
Tell me one industrydoes not have a business inThere are many!
ICYMI The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all-
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell.
A 7,242 yd. masterpiece,$250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views
If you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result.Trump Never Give Up
We need smart people likein office -he can get America back on it's feet
ViabyDonald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi government
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
you got my vote.
Hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife. Very nice, thanks!
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence,features a 60-ft waterfall
Mr.for President 2016!
Entrepreneurs:Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Est. in 1906,is home to the iconic Ailsa,Championship course four times over
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
-- Theodore Roosevelt
All the artsy types need to relax. Sign looks great, doesn't take away anything from the city's architecture. Thx.
Just watched Full Metal Jacket, can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
nothing like the delusions of a moron. Just what America needs. Very nice, thank you!
you should be the president Thanks!
My Dad, Captain Tom Scott went home to be with the Lord last night. Please keep my family in your prayers. #devastated.
Taking my daughter on a date. Only the best tonight! #trumptieshow much?
played your spectacular course in westchester; hit it to 1'7 on 13; awesome hole
RTThe secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Please run in 2016 Mr Trump we need a new commander in chiefThat's for sure!
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild.
. highest rated wine in Virginia,is the premier name in sophistication and quality
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.Think Like a Champion
While Obama vacations,golfs, attends parties &amp; jazz concerts, ISIS is chopping heads off of journalists.
The ISIS thug who murdered American journalist James Foley may have been Gitmo detaineeIf so, why was he released?
Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.
it's scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation! Thank you.
Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
That is absolutely SPECTACULAR.Although for the Trumps, its called normal.Amazing job.Thank you.
Perception about India has changed, says Donald Trumpviaby Kailash Babar
your the best in the world for hotels /resorts....why not be our best in history as president? Just watch!
Mr.for President 2016! PLEASE RUN. IF THERE'S A GOD, YOU WILL RUN!!!
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. -
Vince Lombardi
46 stories in the center of downtown New York,391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows
An investment in life, luxury &amp; leisure, a Trump Natl Bedminster membership offers top amenities &amp; services
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.Think Big
On 800 beautiful acres in Miami,boasts 100,000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services
your name on the building much ado about nothing. Thx 4 making such a beautiful addition to skylineThx
Thanks Monique!
I have read it back to back - where i get my motivation from. Donald Trump is a rare gem. Nice!
Be ready for problems. Youll have them every day, so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively availableoffers high end fashion for men. Dress your best.
Home or abroad, this President hasn't put one dent into any of our problems. In many cases, made things worse.
Host of the 2022&amp; 2017 #USWomensOpen, Trump Natl Bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
is a true entrepreneur indeed. Smart decision maker and a great leader. I admire you, Mr. Trump. Thanks!
A spectacular lake front club w/dramatic course designed by is NCs top club
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
-- Albert Einstein
the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it, but WILL u?Watch
it'd be a good thing for USA ifbe POTUS in 2016.
I would love Donald to run.... Never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now
Trump warned USA about O. He had it correctly. True!
Plus he has his own water.
And the answer ISN'T Hillary or Pocahontas Warren for $300...
Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side.Trump Never Give Up
If Mr. Trump was our next POTUS our economy would improve &amp; jobs would be created.
Saw Show on IVANKA Fox News. Very good. She is a great role model--like you, Thank you!
I look like Donald Trump when he made his first 1 millionYou must be great looking!
if it's one person i admire, it'll befor all the success he's had in his lifetime.Thank you!
Donald Trump &amp; Ben Carson 2016 Wow! I LIKE IT !!! Run Donald, RUN !
.Power Player of the Week interview with Chris Wallace
= next president. I can tell you one thing, we would have a great country again-in fact, better than ever!
Withoutpassion you don't have energy, without energy, you have nothing. -Donald Trump #quote
Our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible. How are we going to fix this? Smarts &amp; toughness!
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Trump is my new idol. His pastor was Norman Vincent Peale?! #NewThoughtPioneer - Can't wait to read the Art of the Deal.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.- Benjamin Franklin
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
On beautiful Lake Norman,offers a state of the art Clubhouse to complement its championship course
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greenes funeral
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!
simply amazing!Thank you.
hope you run for #POTUS and win to shake up #DC and the #Congress we need you
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences
if Donald puts his mind to it, hell have this country in its best spot since Reagan!I agree, thanks!
Have to meetin the morning. Good night.
When everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around.Midas Touch
#TrumpAdvice
I own half dozen Trump ties. Make the best knots, always look great.Thanks.
TheSpa offers 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlookingChicago skyline
The Donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term. True.
always knows what to say. I love the #trumpadvice Thank you.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss?
you're a true champion Mr. Trump!Thank you.
You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. Thats tenacity, and its critical to success.Trump Never Give Up
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
. golf courses The Red Tiger, The Silver Fox &amp; The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
ViabyDonald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbai
. 176 roomshave floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park &amp; NYC
Donald Trump investing in luxury hotels in India is a great news. Enjoyed Interesting interview on CNNIBN
Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
my first time in Chicago. Walking along the river and this was my view. Absolutely stunning hotel!Thx.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Its Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
for all of your faults, whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account. Thanks, sort of!
New York City hospital testing patient for possible Ebola infection...Hello!
Thanksfor your nice statement I just want to do as well as you have withSee u soon
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
Just bought atie fromit's beautiful, great style Great, they are top quality at reasonable price
Learning never exhausts the mind.
-- Leonardo da Vinci
Donald Trump &amp; Ben Carson 2016 Wow!
With 18 beautiful holes, each boasting unique characteristics, Trump Natl Philadelphia is a Golf treasure
i agree it does seem crazy
Can't wait tillis president I don't blame you, things would get really good, really fast!
Trump University had 98% approval ratings,beats Harvard, NYU &amp; other top universities
You have to admitwas correct, Valhalla much better course to the eye than Pinehurst. #notamuni So true!
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
I agree!!!!!
I hate myself for following you... But you just have no control over yourself, you need Trump so badly!
If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore leader, is grossly incompetent!
Watch out, Sir! My daughter and I are the next Donald &amp; Ivanka! I'm coming for you...with a business proposal, of course!
. works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
Congratulations toon being named thePower Player of the Week
Donald Trump and his son Eric Trump do massive amount of charity Thank you!
Your opinions on #Ebola were outstanding and intelligent. If only we could channel some of this common sense to the WH..
I just bought #ArtOfTheDeal and #ThinkBigGreat, enjoy!
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. -
Sun Tzu
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Dont ever give up
u need to have a talk show of your own. It would really be big because u have interesting views. I agree
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Lets take the Senate and stop Obamas dangerous agenda.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
You are right about the Ebola patients. It's a deadly virus, and they shouldn't bring them to the US.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
I really like the #Trump collection, quality is outstanding, Feel like a #billionaire wearing it.
The $200M in renovations of Trump Intl Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
you want sense ? Listen to!
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize
In the end, youre measured not by how much you undertake, but what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
, Any plans for a trump building in Toronto, Mr.Trump. Already have a great one, Trump International hotel
We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
Oh, Donald. Don't ever changeI will try not to!
Viaby Editorial Board: New Yorks mute Schneiderman is feckless and corrupt.
Bush never should've sent our troops there to begin with!I have said that for many years, bad judgement
. for prez 2016 cuz #america
Thank you,for dedicating your birthday today to theforClick here to donate:
. Dozens of key staffers fleeingoffice
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp; suitesis 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto
They knew the risk when they went to Africa. They choose it freely.
I findand his tweets thoroughly entertaining!
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our borders. Act fast!
Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief
I agree 100%
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC, 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
One oftop public courses,course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf
Explain? He's a pollster?Yes, but a really bad (and boring) one!
The new winner of thepageant K. Lee Graham
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a highway for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year Be careful.
wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster
A quote you'd like. You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you, for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you. -Vanderbilt
Located in South Ayrshire, Scotland,offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion
I hate to admit it but I'm with you on this one.
Donald Trump Still My Favorite Song!!
Donald Trump bywill forever be one of my favs I understand why!
Doctors have already died treating Ebola We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015Elections have consequences!
He seems to be doing the right thing. He's taking a stand for America and asking 4 some common sense about Ebola.
I agree! MTDoctor onagreed we should not bring #Ebola into country in two patients, bring docs to them.
BriarcliffManor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no cluebad roads, a total puppet of the mayor?
The ultimate vacation destination,sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the
The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.-Winston Churchill
Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises. True.
Viaby Eugene R. Dunn: Impeach Obama and elect Trump
One of Donald Trump's philosophies: If someone screws you, screw them back ten times worse I have heard of far worse!
Looking forward to my work week in #Chicago and my favorite Rooftop restaurantbest view!
Mr Trump sir, how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? All of them? All!
Mayor Bill Vescio of BriarcliffManor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down.
Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders, Christians are being killed by ISIS with American weapons.
The Villageoffers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp; catered affairs
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be done....Yet ANOTHER reason for you to Run!
Being true to yourselfwill give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.Midas Touch
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
for president #2016
Sorry, I wont be able to doat 7 AM on Mondaywill be in India.
U need 2 run 4 office
Yes !! The government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !!
when is Celebrity Apprentice returning? Love that show &amp; you! In the Fall, thanks!
Young entrepreneursremember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Dont believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring opportunity.
To all the liberal do gooders, this is the Plague you idiots! No cure! @ You may have confidence in the CDC, but I don't!
best ties anywhere class all the wayThanks.
RTWe should not be importing the disease to our homeland. Completely agree, Mr. Trump.
Congratulations toon his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
Obamas war on women. Number of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227,000
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
ViaCentral Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21
I am proud to be a sponsor!
. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!
saw the Trump letters on hotel for first time. Very tasteful and classy. Hotel is an architectural gem. Thank you
Only man qualified to be president in 2016 isThank you-I guarantee that the U.S.A. will be respected again!
The ultimate Golf experience,is a unique destination located on the beautiful Ayrshire coastline
Congrats #NFL good choice
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $s years ago for property that just sold for $530,000.
Thank You for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriors.It's much appreciated. My honor, thank you.
#Trump2016
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the borderA coup for the migrant Democrats.
Celebrated doctorwill be a tremendous Senator. Louisianasend a Conservative to the Senate, vote for Bill this November!
Good fun yesterday slapping it around Trump International Golf Links withand Sammy
Donald, ever since I switched over to Trump ties from Macy's I can't stop closing deals!!Great!
PMshould be run out of office for spending so much of Englands money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.
I'd vote forThank you!
What a day at Course is unreal.
will be our strongest leader since Reagan I agree, thanks!
WatchObama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
I have the two ties on the right..great quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot.
.signature restaurant, has set the standard for todays modern steakhouse
I know exactly what it is... and you're itThanks.
Trump Intl Palm Beach offers a spectacular course, with hill vistas, bunkers and incredible water features.
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them,at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
I know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better Job if you were the president of the United States instead of Obama! True
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that ourleaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
What an amazing courseGot to get yourself there to play. #breathtaking
.Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills
4 President!!!
RT Trump International Golf Links Scotland truly stunning Photo by
staff at Trump Doral was amazing. Made my visit wonderful. Blue course is awesome. Doral as it should be Great, thanks.
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
I cant believe that Prime Ministeris giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
Vera Coking saved me mucho money by turning down my offerthanks Vera!
Developing your talent requires work, and work creates luck.Trump Never Give Up
What will make you decide to run for President? America needs a leader that can guarantee change.
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obamas war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for
knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country. So true!
thanks a really nice addition to the Doral neighborhood. Thank you.
Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces
advancing to next round of bidding forHe would be #amazing for #NFL and everything in general.
I'll admit Trump ties are most beautiful.
It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand. - Midas Touch
Only if the price is right will Mr. Trump make this deal.
Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hatethe U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad.Keep the oil
what a timeless classic these two are! Class &amp; Beauty!Thank you!
I don't know if y'all know it butseriously might be our next president. We will soon see!
prepared for his Scottish Open victory atout the video below.
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.Rev.
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
&amp; you have INCREDIBLE kids!!! By far your best workVery nice, thanks.
You are truely my heroThat's great, thanks.
#DonaldTrumpForPresident2016
Even i want you to become the president of the United States and i'm from Britain! #Legend #TrumpCute!
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
. As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
All we can say is WOW! What would you say? #Aberdeenshire
Get our Marine out of Mexico.
had dinner there for my 25th Wedding Anniversary! Absolutely beautiful! Great, thanks.
you should run instead of just talk about it. you'd probably win. Remember your words Jake!
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
Not more beautiful thanShe is just soooooo beautiful! I happen to agree!
knows how to run organizations.Has a proven track record. Most importantly-He's respected
I want you to be president!Thanks.
A big thanksStephen Gallacher, Johan Carlsson &amp;celebrating
Is Obama the worst President ever? Top of the list!
Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms atprovide a sophisticated urban appeal
You do have awesome ties. I have several. Thanks.
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later.
Be ready for problems-youll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.Trump Never Give Up
My int. on the border crisis, #BringBackOurMarine &amp; Obamas ineptitude &amp; the economy
Watch this tour by of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-
Yes Donald seen it in Chicago last month too, thumbs up! #wearethepeopleThanks.
. just said, Mexico is called the highway to the United States #BorderCrisis True!
. river, lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 Star guestrooms
I support K-9s for Warriors, a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. Please contact
is example of how Success is earned!!Everyday is an opportunity to get after it! Thank you.
Saw's Las Vegas hotel. The 24-karat gold infused windows are impressive! Thank you
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
About to check in for 3 days!! Driving in as I type! Course looks amazing!Enjoy!
Ifseriously takes a stab at presidency, I will find a way to work on his campaign. Thanks!
With our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
I just finished reading your book Think Like A Champion. Great stuff. Positive thoughts, positive actions. Thank you.
Casey/Melissa wedding :) #trumpties Jonathan Truhan, Aaron Butler, Seth Kossin
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $s like she should have, she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach, Florida.
When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
From ABC News: In Demand: Washington's Highest (and lowest) Speaking Feesby Scott Wilson
In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
where is Al Gore now! Coolest Summer On Record In The US | Real Science
Got my Dad a Trump tie from Macy's for Father's Day. he loves it. he says it's the best tie he's ever owned! Great.
If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
Got my first paycheck today. Watch outI'm right on you're heels Great going, work hard!
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. - Steve Jobs
when does the trump tower in Vancouver bc open up? The pool bar is gonna be awesome 1 year, thanks.
The 18th hole at #Trump Int.Golf Links. This golf course is very impressive and a great test
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
-- Henry Ford
Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River,also offers limitless social events
It takes guts to win, fortunately, most people dont have guts! -- Donald J. Trump
played Trump Scotland as well as Turnberry...great experience!Great, thanks!
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
. provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship Par 72 7,400 yd. course. Book your tee time now
A top rated NY course by provides award winning services and exceptional facilities
after i read The Art of the Deal i made it a goal to visit Trump tower. I visited in 91. Breathtaking. Thank you
Opening in 2016, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story, 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view
Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.- Reed Markham
Many people have said Im the worlds greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
.Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? #SaveThisCountry
I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!
An architectural landmark,offers sweeping, panoramic views of Fifth Avenue
God bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed! Can't wait for the new hotel! Fabulous, as always.
The saddest moment in American history was the fact Obama was elected POTUS on broken promises
creating jobs in Washington DC ~ while Obama goes fundraising 3K miles away..with major issues taking place
Winners embrace hard work. -
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are. -
Thank u 4 outstanding service &amp; attention 2 detail 4 the Cowan/Martin wedding on Fri.
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics &amp; play!
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication.
It takes guts to win!
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch-
when you take charge Mr Trump, that's when it's gonna change. #TRUMPforPresident !!!!
Article: More illegals enter than people born in state each week.
reveals plans for all-new spa atresort. Exclusive interview in today's
Remember the old saying The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge.
What a dysfunctional Administration when Illegal Aliens get free &amp; better medical care then our Veterans. What a disgrace.
. A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
just drove by trim tower in Chicago what a beautyThank you.
Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp; our servicemen. Boycott!#freeourmarine
You have to run for President in 2016 and save this country! #please #savethiscountry
Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory. - Bill Russell
We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!
Nice move! Worth while investment. Can't wait to see how well it's finished!
BIG congrats toon your DC hotel ground breaking.Thank you.
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.Babe Ruth
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration Obama will soon apologize.
Couldn't help but notice how crispy theshirts look at Macy's! #clean
The Trump Spais a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms
Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obama's vacations to actually deal with this.
Take it away, take it away
Donald Trump: $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among Worlds Bestvia
much like taking over the gov. Ice rink, something will finally get done there as well.
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
-- Vince Lombardi
This summer is very tough for the nations worst AGMoreland Commission is his disaster.
please please please run 2016
Thanksfor coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy!
Just boughtThink Like A Champion. Small book, huge motivation.Thank you!Thx
Watched Gennady Golovkinat MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts.
Scottish choir coming to New York in January. How would you like Scottish songs sung in the foyer of TrumpTower New YorkYes!
Trump Intl Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7,326 yards. Florida's top course
Beautiful!! Trump National Golf Course.
'Many' say Donald Trump 'world's greatest writer of 140-character sentences'
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
The Donald's going to be saying You're Hired to lots of people in the District!True!
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
Trump is a winner. EVERYONE knows that.Some LOSERS don't acknowledge it yet follow him
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection, exclusively availableoffers top styles inmenswear. Dress your best
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
Just played Trump International Scotland Everyone was thrilled. Fantastic golf course!Thanks.
Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.Think Like a Champion
Happy to joinat kickoff of Hotel at the Old Post Office Thx for being with us!
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
. When is Celebrity Apprentice coming back? Its the best show on tv. #donaldtrump #yourefired In the Fall
RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? #SaveThisCountry
. is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Who should be the 2016 GOP nominee? Participate in 1776 Coalition's live Poll.vote Donald Trump,president
only you can fix this country. #trumpforpresidentI agree!
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
The Donaldis in town. Find out why.this morning.
Breaking ground in DC today. Trump for President 2016--so much more ground to break! #Trumpforprez Thanks!
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!
Less than 1% of Obamas $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
'good looking family.'Thankyou.
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53,000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans
was out with people from Scotland last night..raved about courseJustin is a total winner
. exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences
Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold,pool deck overlooks the City of Lights
How would Donald Trump handle Vladimir Putin? Easily and with good results for U.S.
Headed to Trump International Scotland today with 16 excited clients.. Great, #1 rated course, have fun.
Just had an AMAZING stay at Trump Tower Toronto. Hotel suberb, staff fantastic. Thank you. Will always stay Trump now.
Within the heart of beautiful Somerset County, Trump Natl Bedminster is the proud host of the 2022
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
it's great to see that the Trump name will be in DCThank you.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. Winston Churchill
Mr. Trump, America NEEDS you. Be the Reagan to Obama's Carter. Please run for President in 2016.
Your hair is magnificent. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. What a nice guy!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he cant fix the illegal loophole.
. offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges
Its Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
John Cahill is highly respected in all circlesreally nice to see that hes running for New York State Attorney General.
Hands off - we need him as President here in Ireland - he has the golf club here so that's a start!!!!Cute!
After watching fox this morning, I'm convinced thatshould run for President! Thanks.
You got my vote! But please don't make the middle class suffer more! I have complete faith in you Donald!
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
.FUTURE PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO FIX THIS COUNTRY AFTER 8 YEARS OF NOBAMAI agree!
It seems you are the only one who speaks the truth. Wether we want to hear it or not...
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.Albert Einstein
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
Drove by Turnberry hotel last night weather excellent, piper playing outside hotel iconic scene, absolutely marvelous Thx
Trump: Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vets
viaby
Please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! Please America needs you!!! #Donaldtrump #president
The Honolulu accommodations ofare the perfect merger of beauty and function
When's celebrity apprentice starting?Just finished shooting - in the Fall.
Maybe he will trump the competition.
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 F35 fighters or 5 Aircraft Carriers but we got a worthless website
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
Amazing. The people you hire for design are incredibleThanks.
I love your quotes. They inspire me and always bring a smile to my face. I shall FIGHT until I draw my last breathe.Nice.
There is HOPE!! Thank God- #HopeForToday podcast- interview guest Paula is a winner!
are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? :) A very good question!
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Mr Trump rocks. I wish I had the money to play his great Golf Courses. He epitomizes success.Work hard!
you are a winner.Thank you.
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope
hoping NBC announces a premiere date of Apprentice today at press tour! Everyone misses the show. Soon.
Thereported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved, left years ago
Now I really hope u're contesting for that seat in the White House come 2016.Watch!
I'm seeing many tweets aboutfor President. Lets roll with that!
DonaldTrump needs to to be the next president. Only person I can even think of that could fix such a f*ucked up nation
In Las Vegas doing a sales seminar. Staying at the trump hotel. Awesome place to stay!
Problems are never truly hardships to winners, &amp; if you havent got any, then you must not have a business to run.
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
Wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life? Interesting!
played Trump Scotland last Tuesday, weather and course - OUTSTANDING !! Thanks.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
-- Abraham Lincoln
trump for presidant! I've waited years for this to happen! #Trumpknowsbest
Without Passion you don't have Energy..without Energy you have nothing#Donald Trump
Ohsurely if you had been elected president the United States would still reign supreme. 100% certain!
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
No matter what you're managing, don't assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum. - Trump: How to Get Rich
My cousin is getting married at your Club in Mooresville on April 25 2015. Tell them congratulations!
The best vision is insight.
-- Malcolm Forbes
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Good advice for Romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen.
. 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design
Donald Trump for President!Thank you.
Awarded the prestigious 20145-Star Guideis located in beautiful downtown Toronto
Designed byTrump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge
is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt Tahmooressi Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will #PresidentTrump2016
. features wide open pristine fairways, tour caliber greens, 64 strategically placed sand bunkers
Looking forward to learning from the best#ThinkBigMakeitHappen
In beautiful Pine Hill, Trump Natl Philadelphias award winning course provides amazing views of Philly skyline
Rickie FowlerInstagram photos | Webstavia
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, &amp; all will be wellTrump Never Give Up
Yes,please please run for President. And please please makeyour running mate. PLEASE
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
had an incredible day at Trump Bedminster. Bravo Mr. Trump Great.
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
donald trump for president!
our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown.True.
Only followedfrom across the pond for a couple of weeks, but his use ofis superb. #ManOfThePeople
Donald Trump for president!!!!Great idea!
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
right move, right time for you. Typical of your intelligence and business sense. Great timing.
please run for President.We need someone to save our country!REALLY?
I love t recent pole showing Obama as the worst pres and Bush as t 2nd worst since WWII lol!!!
Now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground.
THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
The 48,000 sq. ft. Spaboasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments
On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline,features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.
-- Vince Lombardi
Nobody knows location location location likebeautiful view from the terrace in Chicago
Congrats to Obama &amp; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700B+.
Please run for President. I will gladly work on your campaign.
Dinner at the Trump. Thanksfor the great view!
Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others. - Orson Welles
The acclaimedsoars 92 stories high. Youre either staying inor in its shadow.
That's our President! That's why we need you to run in 2016! I know you would never waste our money! President Trump
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
Mr Trump, even the trolls hang on your every word! They pretend to despise you! Ignore, keep inspiring!
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!
LOL~ Everything in life is luck. Donald TrumpI never made this ridiculous statement.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
time that somebody ask me about my future I always say: I want to be like Donald Trump. You're such an inspirationThanks
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarine
See yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. Its the best path to comprehensive success. -Think Like a Champion
I would vote for him! IN a heartbeat!
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart!
You can always become better. -
please run for President... We need someone to save our country!
you are my inspiration. Great, thank you.
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
they renamed it Climate Change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes.
You were great on Greta tonite. Thanks.
Honolulus bestfeatures a dozen distinct tropically decorated Hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts
It looks like you've outdone yourself Donald. Beautiful property!Thanks!
My conversation from ON THE RECORD
for Prez!
I'd vote for Trump in a heartbeat. No question. Good decision.
Mr. Trump - I agree with you and your stance on the American Flag waving proudly over the golf course.Gracias
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville,has a superb clubhouse &amp; top amenities
. Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helpinguse it a lot!
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others.
The only way to fix our country's mess isfor president in 2016! HE IS THE SMARTEST AND MOST CAPABLE MAN!
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
thank you for fighting for our marine!You're welcome.
The unbelievable Trump International was a huge pleasure to play today!Such an experience!Thanks
Rosie back on? What do you think about that, Mr. Trump? She will self destruct, as she always does
Thankyou for supporting our #MarineHeldinMexico #FREEOURMARINE Yes #Obama could do something
I dig the Trump Chicago sign. Say whatever you want aboutbuilds beautiful buildings..So true!
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
Phil Mickelson gave your course nice praise in his interview with Rich Lerner. Thanks
Why can'trun our country? The man knows his stuff!!
Stand up and help us Trump!!! Please!!! Someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!
My editorial: A COUNTRY THAT CANNOT PROTECT ITS BORDERS WILL NOT LAST
How doesfeel about Rosie back atThey are desperate--a short term fix!
your daughter would be great on The View. Why not someone interesting for once ? Now that would really work!
Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing. #Trump
yah AC ended when you stopped loving it!
not sure what the fuss is about, I think the sign looks great!Thanks.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
thanks for your inspiration keeping things realThankyou.
Maybe Perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the Rio Grande to lure Obama to see the border?
onWhen was the last time something positive has happened in this country? Hmmmm....So true
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
sensational. Make sure you play the full 18 before you go...Thanks Phil.
Just asked frequent Las Vegas visitor where to stay.He saidThanks.
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
Hearing Rosie's name makes me nauseous! Seeing her face makes me puke! Cant imagine WATCHING her!
In the heart of midtown New Yorkis a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily
Don't fight the problem, decide it.General George C. Marshall
The talk of Scottish Open is all Trump International. Rose, J Walker, Phil and Rory all loving it Majorly Thx Ted, enjoy!
Keep fighting for the #American flagI will!
Amazing building and love the new sign! Thank you.
On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River
Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.Trump Never Give Up
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
already happened look at Detroit. They turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago USA NEXT!
Set the example, and youll be a magnet for the right people. Thats the best way to work with people you like.Think Like a Champion
Please run for President in 2016! You have my support 100% Thanks.
In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. - Donald Trump
. I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate.
Featuring&amp; Palm Grill,offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options
should be placing tariffs on Mexican goods coming into this country to reimburse the American taxpayer&amp;secure the border
Central America's tallest building,sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind
After you left dude I played some Mac Miller Donald Trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, stick-to-itiveness, and common sense.
-- Thomas A. Edison
You have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.Think Like a Champion
Myinterview on the border crisis, USMC Tahmooressi &amp; my fight for the American flag(15:00 mark)
We played Trump Int'l last year. Spectacular golf course. Caddy Alan Neal made the day.
I could listen to you on Howard for a whole day straight. No one promotes himself better then you. #trumprules
Our govt should immediately stop sending $s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
2016 = too late. America won't survive another 12 months of this lawless O regime &amp;cowards. That's what comebacks r about.
WHY are we sending money to Mexico?We all know where it will end up. True--a total waste!
needs a proven leader &amp; successful businessman to get us back #HeresyourSign #Trump2016 #USA
As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.Neil Young
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
-- Albert Einstein
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!
Best layout I've ever played! Thanks David, so nice.
have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016
says it. Stop sending money to Mexico until Marine freed. #tcot #PJNET
recently stayed in your hotel in Vegas...it's beautiful my wife and I loved our stay!!Great, thanks.
Congratulations toDerek Jeter on being named to 2014
Thank you tofor naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp;I Best Modern Course-- A great honor!
High above the city,pool deck mixes business &amp; pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold
Opening in 2016,original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. &amp; 63 stories
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have it
On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsulafeaturestop public course &amp; elite restaurants
if you were in office you would do everything right. True.
ViaDonald Trump Fights To Keep Large American Flag Flying At Southland Golf Course
Hopefully after 6 years, you still have it in you. A vote for Trump, is a vote for a champion. Thanks
What do you say Donald? Run for President???
visited Balmedie yesterday forday, fantastic course! Will need to go back for full 18Thanks Kenny
My son's high school graduation present. Guess where he wanted to go! Trump National of course!Great!
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now its no longer laughterits disbelief...
Ifruns for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when I graduate #trumpera True.
Can't wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago! Thanks.
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
I'd vote forin 2016. Thanks.
Very good points made tonight on Greta.
Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion
Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing. Thanks Justin, play well this week.
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
played trump international today, unbelievable course, decent mode of transport toThanks Stuart.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
-- Winston Churchill
Trump has reason to be proud of his Trump International Scotland course. Spectacular setting, great fun. The Donald delivered
Every Trump property I've seen or played including courses and hotels redefines perfection Great, thank you.
telling it like it is on Fox News right now, Mexico is spitting in Obama's face and he does nothing #legend
They should getandonI would watch it everyday. Cute!
Obamas statement that illegals cant stay = Obamas promise if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.
We know a fourth-grader who thinks he's the next Trump!Tell him to work hard!
what's the best advice to be successful in business? Have passion for your work. Then focus and never give up.
The tower looks beautiful Donald. Best building in the city hands down! Love what you do! Thank you.
Also good to seenot being drawn into independence debate. Either way, Trump Turnberry is a winner.
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
Mr. Trump, you are avoiding the responsibility of running for President since the nineties. Be patriotic and run.. Watch!
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants Are you surprised?
We have a bunch of idiots running the Government! Why Americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
Donald Trump unveils vision for viaby
Awarded the renowned 5-Starrating, the 65-storybrings style, luxury &amp; impeccable service
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
I've been readingbooks and aboutlately. I need some Trump books to read! The Art of the Deal
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
America is the experiment that works.President Ronald Reagan
Great way to start Monday today D, tellin' it like it is.. We need somebody in office like...um... YOU?
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
please run in '16 Kentucky is ready to support you!! Thanks.
Mr Trump please treat Turnberry GC with respect. Hearing about the Lighthouse and your plans......it's iconic...I will!
Via by Heather Noel: Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump
You should run for President of USA!
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
With an elite course designed by is North Carolinas most desirable club
I look forward to my press conferenceScotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
I find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading. It is proving invaluable so thank you. Great, thx
God bless you#bestinTheBusiness
And we shouldn't help Iraq this time unless we get 2 $trillion in free oil, guaranteed in writing.
If you want to be successful, two important considerations are passion and efficiency. - Think Like a Champion
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.
-- Arnold Palmer
Congratulations!Great feat accomplished.Well done, can't wait to get an opportunity to golf this venue Thx
I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time. - Think Like a Champion
If ever we needed someone to lead us out of this mess, nows the time, DJ!True!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
-- Abraham Lincoln
My favorite sky scraper in New York so far has definitely been Trump Tower. Such a classy &amp; timeless design. Great job Thx
Entrepreneurs:Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision.Muhammad Ali
Run Trump Run!!
was there for the 1st time last week, beautiful bldg inside too!!Thanks.
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
Your my fav for 2016 Thanks.
Amazing. People are sending letters of support forsign to my other properties, including evenThank you!
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
wtf. Free to the immigrants? But the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay?
via American Spectator Trump Card by Jeffrey Lord
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of Chicago have left!
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--Ralph Waldo Emerson
The more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome
BREATHTAKING!! Finally Trump has begun the rebuilding of our nation's capital. Sir well done Thanks
Just watched the CNN living golf segment. Interesting interview and Trump International course was looking spectacular!!
.Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention courseThank you.
What's there to debate?
Typical, I bet the Dems will surrender the oil over to the Russians &amp; Chinese as payment for our debts, etc.
If not you, then who? #2016 #nooptions
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. Steve Jobs
I've been readingbooks and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read! The Art of the Deal
ViaDonald Trump's name 'will boost'
RTEntrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, nobodyelse will!
Can't wait to get to playon my list for a long time.Awesome jobThanks--you will love it!
If you r lucky enough to play Trump Aberdeen Scotland make sure you getto loop for you. #bestcaddieinthebarn
It was helping Iraq that caused this problem in the first place.
believes Trump Turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world.True, easy.
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
RTDonald Trump Proves Hair Is Real | Interview | --In case you were wondering...
They say read a book it'll make you smarter. I say read a book byand you become more intelligent. Thanks.
Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.Trump Never Give Up
Reading #ThinkLikeAChampion by- THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL PERSON! Thank you Mr. Trump Thank you.
Wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild Detroit. If anyone can do it you can. #businessgenius
My parents asked me what I wanted to do after high school and I remember I say there and said I wanna be like DonaldTrump. Thanks
Happy 4th of July to everyone,including the haters and losers!
A testament to American ingenuityshines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYCs most iconic buildings
We've got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell. Calling President Trump
Please run for president this country needs true leadershipThank you.
saw the #trump building in Vegas today. BEAUTIFUL! Chicago is still my favorite!
Make your NYC getaway memorable --provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump - So very true!
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon,Scotland time. The place is amazing!
DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of Chicago!
Show me a man without an ego and I'll show you a loser - Donald Trump
let's get Turnberry back in the rotation. Mr Trump has given to the game so much in such a short time i.e. Doral Thanks
If The Donald were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! Try to Trump that cowboys!
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Thanksfor putting my name on the top of the TV screen when I turn it on! #trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas
Just playedScotland course. Verdict: Fantastic. Dispelled all biased anti-Donald chatter I'd heard.
. byTrumps transformation will makeOpen worth the wait
I live here in Chicago and I love it!!! Your building is amazing as is your sign!!Thank you.
how much tax money it will cost Americans when Obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliens&amp;gives them free ObamaCare
only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country #1 again. Trump 2016I agree!
NYCs sole hamman, the bi-levelfeatures indoor &amp; outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services
Where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds? So true!
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Trump Intl Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in &amp; enjoy Opening 2016
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq
Offering two championship courses,has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Great goingyou showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter
Explain why BHO rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier rotting in a Mexican jail?
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next weekto discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
All I want for my birthday is forto wish me a happy birthday!Happy birthday.
Failures are expected by losers, ignored by winners.--
I know who I'd endorse and give my money In a heartbeat and that'splease run!Thank you.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
-- Jack Welch
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
-- Mark Twain
// I'm over 70 and have never seen such , arrogance, incompetence and Ill -intentions as this President and his aids.
in Chicago on a business trip. I love seeing the Trump name!! Thanks!
#Chicago #Trumptower Great building.
Newspaper: 'We Were Wrong' To Endorse Obama; He's Even Worse Than George Bush
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot forHe is strong, he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in Washington.
It's time to start your political career. The people want you to run.
Love the sign . well done.
#TBT Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning, Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond-
Looks spectacular
you are the only person that can beat HillaryMany are saying that, interesting!
after watching the roast of you I can confirm you are ready to be president! It was fun, thanks.
I am the only potential owner of thewho will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs!
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
I'm leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, McCain couldn't.
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
I have to confess, I think the Mr. Trump would have been a much better President then this fool we hav in office now.
. newly released book Special Heart brings a message of hope. All sales donated to heart charities
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
ExclusivelyThe Donald J. Trump Signature Collection features the best ties &amp; shirts at the best prices.
The government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. Now they go through Mexico. Wish DonaldTrump was in charge
You are a king maker Don! True!
I can't understand people who dont like.. Must be because he's got everything anyone wishes they had. Thanks
DonaldTrump Please don't mess with us again, please run &amp; don't change your mind. We need you
I truly thinkunderestimatesactual net worth That's true, and they do it knowingly - who cares!
please run for president! Your the only one for the job
Candidate Wins NY GOP Primaryvia
It seems democrats are incapable of honesty, especially where you are concerned, afraid of you. TRUMP 2016!
Congrats toon a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!#NY1
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you havent found it yet, keep looking. Dont settle.Steve Jobs
Lightweightis driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq, many people wanted me to say that I told you so!so, I told you so.
We need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will! #TrumpCarson
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!
will we see Celebrity Apprentice again soon? I love that show! Yes, just finished shooting.
Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
FlashbkTrump: I would build a border fence like you have never seen before viaby
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality, detail &amp; perfection
Powerful book , thank you!!!Great.
Its Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nations worst AGwearing today?
Best looking building in Chicago. We enjoyed our stay greatly. I like the new TRUMP addition.
Then PLEASE run for president!
go for it Sir!!! Just watch!
It was a pleasure to meet you today Mr.Trump, wishing the very best with Trump international Doonbeg
#FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here isin #Transformers 3.
ViabyTrump-Backed CandidateWins NY GOP Primary
If Trump can control his crazy, then it's a go . He can make the U.S. great again.Is no crazy
just got a phone survey about your sign in Chicago - love it &amp; the beautiful building it's on. Well done.
When is the Celebrity Apprentice coming back? I'm going through withdrawal! #soonpleaseSoon!
Donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! I loved your sign in Chicago. #trumpforpresident
Welcome back in Europe#Barcelona #EuropeThank you.
for hosting this special event for charities benefiting our brave men ...My honor!
He was on Howard Stern last week.Awesome interview! Thank you.
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer
Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To
Quote: Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To
We LOVE your business updates and insights. Don't waste your energy on politics. Business is where you shine.
The Obama administration is the American disaster, TRUMP 2016 is the solution. So true!
country needs the right person for the job there's only one! trump 2016 Thanks.
#Bringbackourmarine let's do this America. BOYCOTT MEXICO
Awin is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.
to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Don't hate.
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
I love how my kids know whois but have no clue who our PM is. So what if we're Canadian. # NothingWrongWithThat
looking to open my own businesses. Any advice you can give on that subject? Find something you love doing--&amp; never give up!
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
Know how u can tell Trump is successful? Almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w/ his name in them Interesting!
but can you get him to stop sucking at his job?That would be, sadly, impossible.
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
Cracking day at Trump International Links Scotland yesterday. What a place to play golf! Loved it.
Another cover-up. Obama wont disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our countryNo surprise.
Excited to hear what Trump has in store for #Turnberry. If anything likewe are in for a treat! It will be great!
America's top public coursegreens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by
Im sure u will never read but totally agree w u re: Seth Meyer. Terrible &amp; feel embarrassed for him. Awkward!
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory --ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.
I know Shia LaBeoufand when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
In the center of Irelands rugged west coast,offers a beautiful golf course, top dining and a Spa
I've done hair since I was 14, that's real not a rug! True, thanks (but they know it--dishonest press)
I wishwould run 4 President, we NEED HIM! if he cares enough about this Country he will run.
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
In other words, Secy John Kerry is so out of his element
After these spirited primaries are over,must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obamas agenda.
Another masterpiece Donald!
in Chicago on a business trip.I love seeing the Trump name!! Thanks!
Someone just wrote that you predicted every single major event thats now happeningand they knock you instead of giving you credit.
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental.
Must readeditorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- Wilding for Profit
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
Its Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
-- Arnold Palmer
RTDonald Trump by Mac Miller will always be a hit.I agree!
I love u your the man!!!! Great interview on
Love the sign #chicagoproudThanks.
very excited to see what the future holds for the new Trump Turnberry. Any clues?It will be GREAT!
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -should have been trial. Politics!
I disagree with you on A LOT of things but you're spot on on the 5. Well finally!
I'm in NYC for the first time.. Probably gonna visit Trump Tower. Will you be in town? I need to meet my roll model
Wish I had hair likeGreat taste!
Love the sign!!!
The Trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city. Thank you.
People please! Although I would support Trump, he will never run for President (fact), why would he ever be so stupid!Just wait
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
Wishing Trump National Doral Member Lucy Li the best of luck at the Women's U.S. Open. Go Lucy!
Mr. Trump you were witty, respectful, entertaining and as Howard said just a down to earth guy!
Great to hear you onYour honesty is refreshing. Thank you.
One of the best hotel stays I've ever had in the world. Superb, all around! #bravo #chicagosbest
. has no clue whats going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum.
I salute Your courage and work Sir! You possess All the Entrepreneurial and Leadership Qualities. Y not Run for President
Theinterview by Jeffrey Lord: A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting.
Who do I look up to? The answer is Donald Trump.Thank you, work hard and smart.
Goldberger was a loserTrue, really bad taste - but he's gone now!
You're a big thinker, and one of a kind... go for President of USA.
Love the sign!!!LoL
can you please be Obamas replacement Interesting way of putting it!
I admire you so much! :)Thanks.
- We just spent 3 nights &amp; golfed at your Aberdeen Scotland resort and loved everything! Great!
It even lights up?? That's so HOT #Bestchicagosign
great job onthis week. Always the best radio with the two of you.Thank you.
what a place mate. Loved it.
I find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!!
#Queens10k #funfact: Former Queens residents includeMartin Scorseseand Nancy Reagan!Great place!
Donald, you are the smartest man ever, and the most visionary!Thanks!
I'm going to Chicago next week and I'm def going to get a pic with the new TRUMP sign! #chicago #trumpsign
Run for presidentThanks Carli.
YOU ARE THE LIGHT. THE ONLY HUMAN WHO CAN GUIDE THIS NATION TO THE EAGLES WINGS AND LANDS BEYOND!!!
are you serious about being president? I have a lot of faith in you.Thank you.
I love the sign!
I actually enjoyed the piece re signCould it be that Im starting to like Jon Stewart?
'incompetence should not be rewarded.'You gotta love DT he does call a spade a spade #honesty
When youre at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observerof yourself and of others.Think Like a Billionaire
You'll make a great president Thanks.
DonaldTrump. The Turnberry is your global Crown Jewel...Anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their must visit list.
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paidby the City (or both)?
RT .for President! Smarter than any man in the USA! True!
Everyone wants to be Donald Trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. No one wants to accept the hard work.
From the Wall Street Journal: Google Steps Into Autism Research re
Mr Trump, You were Excellent on Howard Stern! It is time that America is Rebuilt on a Renewed Foundation of Capitalism!
The dyingasked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff&amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
Very impressed with Trump Tower Vancouver. Nicely done, sir. Great building-thanks
Were likely paid w/ public funds for original services, now likely to get nearly half of settlement.#doubledipping
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called leader
I feel weird ab it butwas onthis morn &amp; I surprisingly liked him a lot. Dudes got his shiz together
Flew through LGA on Friday and got a good look at your amazing plane. To bad LGA is such a dump. Not a great welcome to NYC
Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears. - Bobby Jones
Donald Trump will serve a Positive Government if Elected president.
for president! If anyone can turn this country around its you Donald! True.
Greatest sign in all of Illinois!!!
they are laughing on their way to the bank.
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
love your thoughts and opinions on the Central Park 5!
Trump Tower in Chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline! Thanks!
Donald Trump is the King of quotes you really should listen to him!
Thanks.
Listenmy Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for #zeldinforcongress
If you run for president in 2016 you have my vote! #2016 Thanks.
Donald you're the manThanks!
I like to read your tweets and I am delighted with you, intelligent, decent, strong man!Thanks.
when you do the things you've done you can put your name on it!!!Thanks.
ppl tweeted him &amp; begged him not to cast her. I wont watch this season. Yes you will!
I Love the new letters! Very classy!
The failingwhich just raised its prices because its dying, said I wear a wig when they know I dont. Dishonest.
No one else can beat Hillary except you D. Trump !I agree!
I am seriously afraid for our country. People don't realize the U.S is headed for economic destruction.
If you run, I will vote for you. If you don't, shame on you.Be cool!
I just started reading Trump 101 it's a great book Mr.Trump. Terrific!
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland.
please run for president! You have my vote.We need more people like you in this world!! You're a great man!
surely an amazing thing for America if you run the country. Great mind at work!Would make U.S. great again!
love the sign in Chicago. Its got class.
classic lettering gives it a good classy feelThanks.
right on, donald! your tweets on the Cent. Park 5 are the truth!
R U M P in lights ! Never turn the light out ! .trumphotelcollection.com/Chicago/ Great job!
I think Rahm Emanuel really likes the sign, he just complains because your not a bleeding heart liberal like him
Lived in Chicago all my life. Sign looks great! Thanks.
#TBT Saturday Night Live
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their clients
. Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
Bluntness is thy name oh Donald Trump!.....you call it as it is, regardless whose ox is gored.
Listening toon the Howard Stern Show....what a guy!
Sign is looking Great!! Pic attached Thank you.
agreed, St Maarten has so many issues and makes so many empty promises She's incompetent.
I bet you will make hell of a president,the world needs presidents like you
Hello Donald I have looked up to your success in business relations, since I was a teenager. I am a small business owner.
great visit on Howard Stern this week. I can't wait for your next visit!
Great to hear! My wife is atright now and loving her room. Top notch
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about human rights problems and this as everything is being blown up around him
I love the new sign in Chicago! It makes my drive down Lakeshore Drive that much better! Keep up the good work! Thanks.
MUST READ! Myeditorial: I love Chicago ... and my sign!
You were amazing onlast week, WELL DONE, you have our vote, for what ever !
America and the world needs a smart strong,patriotic leader,Mr Trump is that man. I agree!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.Much to talk about, enjoy!
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
Geat hearing you on Howard Stern, you should run for President.
You were great today onHope you buy the
May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't --General George S. Patton
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutely
great stuff on Howard today! Now call up Jim Kelly and get that Buffalo Bills deal done!
Great Interview on#TrumpThank you.
for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident
I would love the ass whopping you would give to Hillary!
please stay active on Twitter when you are President! Really cute!
Outstanding beautiful building for sure!
With our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
onwas certainly an entertaining start to my morning.Good!
Spent the night at the Trump Tower...awesome! Best lookin' building in Chi-Town. Powerful lookin' sign too
incredible interview on theshow. Please please run for President!
PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against herloser!
everything u touch turns to gold I need to bump into u!Work hard!
Just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. Chronic complainers moan about everything --ignore them.Thanks!
Ryan tries to portray himself as a young Donald Trump. No one can be Trump. Sorry bud.#MDLNY
another amazing and solid #SiriusXM appearance from #DonaldTrump
The perfect Hawaiian getaway,462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views
Will you PLEASE run for President. We need a REAL LEADER Thanks.
. Spa has an array of 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms w/great views
good job onyou really are an inspiration you need your own radio show!Thank you.
Do you want to be INSPIRED? Watchon the Apprentice Season Eight!!!! AMAZING woman! Thanks for choosing her!
Trump completes his takeover of Turnberry and puts his own stamp on it. Full story in tomorrow's Carrick GazetteGreat.
Breaking ground shortly, Trump Intl Washington DC will bring the DC Post Office far beyond its original grandeur
you know the meaning of class, luxury, and the pursuit of the American dream! #winner! Thanks
I live in Chicago and love the sign! I look at it everyday!! Thanks.
It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c Mr Trump as President. 1st thing to change...ur health system.
Can't believe all the hate trump gets. Hearing him andgo back&amp;forth is good radio simple as that!
only is America not leading in the world anymore, under Obama America is destabilizing the world &amp; making it dangerous.
After the pics i've seen, the sign makes the tower look great. Hands down best looking tower in Chicago.
- nicely done, it's a magnificent sign. Thank you!
Haha gotta love listening toon.. says exactly what he's thinking lolTrue, thanks.
Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.Think Big
loved you on Stern this morning. You always have a lot of interesting things to say.Thank you.
Watching back to back episodes of The Apprentice....best show ever!!!Thank you.
It is perfect! Congratulations on this fantastic job!
Thank you.
Love the new sign!
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
do u think the republicans will force the lost emails to be found? No, it is not in them!
I'm on a flight heading to Chicago and I'm excited to catch a glimpse of that sign. Great, thanks!
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?
needs to call into themore often!!! Thanks.
Loved you onNeed to hear your brackets on a daily basis Great, thank you.
US Army Reservewill bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress
incredible interview on theshow. Please please run for President!
Mexico doesnt respect our border hourlyRelease USMC Tahmooressi NOW! Time for a boycott? #SaveOurMarine
Love the Sign in Chicago! You built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. Kudos!Thank you.
Congratulations tofor a successful installation of Trump sign.Really looks great!
It would be amazing to seerun for president. I would vote for him with the quickness. #Trump2016
. TRUMP: CANTOR'S DEFEAT SHOWS 'EVERYBODY' IN CONGRESS VULNERABLE IF THEY SUPPORT AMNESTY
for president 2016 is the only way to go!
brought up a lot of good points onthis morning, I really hope he runs for president
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
I was rightTV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People dont want to look at a burned out, ugly course!
run for president. I wanna deal maker in office.
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. should be ashamed for allowing this.
No one remembers who came in second.Walter Hagen
trump for president
I heard the show and am now a fan. You were so honest and real! Thanks.
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign onI am honored by the great support.
Tower in Chicago is beautiful, the name is the only sign of success they've had in years... jealousy for sure!
Your tweets are so entertaining!!! And Pinehurst DID look like cow shit! Dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around. Geeeezzzz
just saw Trump Tower in Chicago. It looks great.
Of all the places I've stayed in Oahu, Trump International is the best! #greatservice #besthotel #awesomestaff #luxury Thx!
when Donald runs for President he will have my vote! I'll even campaign for him #TrumpForPresidentThanks
Mr. Trump. I am a huge fan. I have all of your books and think you are a true genius. When will you run for president sir? Watch!
From Fox and Friends interview: Trump: We should not go back to Iraq
Looks Great! @ night, I saw it Saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too!Great, thanks!
Being the Donald fan for many years, yes, the sign looks fantastic!
I'm a Democrat and I'd vote for you in a second. Thanks.
I would rather readtweets than hear Obama lie #tweetthetruth vs #lierlier
I heard your interview onI enjoyed every second of it. #RadioGold Thanks.
Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt, heart of our countrys factory sector, has been destroyed by our leaders.
Once again,kills on theTrump/ ticket in 2016! :)Thanks!
I love the sign. It is tasteful and classy, just like everything you do. Thank you.
Another great appearance byonHope to catch a replay on the drive home.
Couldn't agree more about Seth Meyers He wss not meant for television - very sad!
. is NYC's only5 Star &amp;5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurant
I saw Trump Tower in Chicago on Fox...it looks beautiful! Congratulations! Love the TRUMP sign too.
I think the sign matches the personality of the structure. Bold, but classy. Whats wrong with #knuckleheadsinthemedia
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Mr Trump I hope you will be running for president in 2016. Obama's Incompetence Crippled America.......
There is never enough Trump onWhy not have him on the phone at least once per month?Thanks!
I don't know,was making a lot of sense this AMgreat interview
The exclusive home ofsits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami
I cannot wait for the new season ofU R MY FAV TV STARThank you.
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams.
The exclusive home ofsits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami
We know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. Putting Turnberry on my bucket list....Great!
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!
please run for president! Our country needs you to fix this mess!
Today's show was fantastic!was awesome and the real doll w/ Eric was priceless.
I love whencomes on. He is so refreshingly honest. #greatguest
for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident
reading Think Big and can't help but wonder why you ain't president yet?Well, now is when we most need it
look better at lahinch or trump doonbeg? True!
they think the course should be old school, you know, like before lawn care technology aka goats!
is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with I can beat him in golf even easier!
Sir Donald. Rather than promote golf courses, please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our Country.
Ifcan build such a successful business,imagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president! TRUE!
Iran controlling Iraq and all of its oil will be everyone's problem Our leaders are stupid!
I thought the Trump signage was very well done. Looks great!
Virginia's highest rated wine by is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux &amp; Champagne
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland.
Actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on TV..I love golf..couldn't watch
you have made some great courses, but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course! I agree!
Are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in Iraq? No,dueto a weak and incompetent U.S. Govt.
Italian people supportfor 2016 president.
I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
If Hilary Clinton runs for office.HAS TOO. Or I'm moving to canada
DonaldTrump I snapped that when I was in #Toronto today Donald, your place is looking great! #TheTrumpWay
i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational, Sir.Thank You.
played Trump Bedminster once...will never forget it.
Beautiful!
If you run #2016 I will hit my streets running for you.Obama Care doesn't Care.#TrumpForPresident
Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance!
Getinto WH He can lead and fix anything He is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people.
if you were president, how many jobs could you create in 4 years? More than ever before!
very subdue atmosphere. Not take it away from Kaymer but it's like watching paint dry #USOpen #anticlimax
Which one of your books should I read first? The Art of the Deal
People just want to mess with you because you're you. It's your building. F them.
You are amazing! I loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl.Thank you, my great honor!
please run for prez. Would b great to have a real man in the White House again.
Awful look to it.....Not like Trump in Palm Beach and Briarcliff or Scotland that I've played. Your courses are the best
My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!
. Have a great Monday! Still hoping to hear these words soon..I will be running for President. #TrumpForPresident
along with...heaven on earth
Congratulations toon theirchampionship. Well-deserved.
.I readHe's smartest man around, a
I agree with the Donald. What a goat track! I'll take the beauty of Pebble any day!
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!
Are thecommercials filmed at Trump National LA?Yes.
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
it was nice of you to give15 minutes of fame that he wouldn't have had.I agree!
Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad.
I hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term
for president! Please mr trump
I love the sign! Please let's make a hashtag, that seems like it solves all world problems.
which got more viewers: final round ofortweets about the course?Trump!
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
don't normally agree with you but it(Pinehurst)looked like an absolute dump.
future British open? #TrumpScotland
big time. I love Trump Bedminster
I have lived in Chicago my whole life, love the sign. It brings class to the River. Don't know what the big deal is!
Pineworst #2 is a number two alright, a dump. Turn on the water! Since when R the Carolinas in drought?
I read all of your books you truly are an inspiration!Thanks.
Heywhat is your view on George Bush? He got us into Iraq instead of making America great again. Not good!
Love the Trump in Chicago. Those who don't like it are jealous! Capitalism is where it's at! We need more signs like it!
I LOVE THE SIGN
Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?
Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
We needto run for President in 2016!
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxury
I've played the new Doral which is awesome-one day I hope to play another Trump course
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because Im a lover of golfand that look on TV hurts golf badly.
you sir, you are my idol. Wish to one day be a master minded billionaire like you.Work hard.
please don't let the USGA ruin your course in 2017 like they did Pinehurst.I won't!
the only problem with the #Trump sign in #Chicago are the people complaining about it!
Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you. - Vince Lombardi
We need Trump 1) in the NFL, 2) in the Oval Office, and 3) on his own reality show. Cute!
I'M VOTING FOR YOU IN 2016
I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl.
We need you to run this country! 2016! The year of the Donald!
please buy Pinehurst next!And fix it - make it beautiful again!
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
Chicago should be so lucky to have the King of New York invest in their city! Love the sign!! It should be bigger JMO!
playing in September the day after playing Trump Aberdeen! Can't wait... Bucket list courses! Have fun.
course didn't look good in HD just sayingNo, it looked terrible, bad for golf!
( Pinehurst) Was a great looking dust bowl.
Matt, you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst
A little more moderation would be good. Of course, my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation. ~Donald Trump
you have the type of business mind we need in office! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016
told the truth all day about Pinehurst 2. It is just not a good looking US Open course.So true!
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA Great playing from beginning to end!
These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria &amp; have attacked us on 911.Obama's foreign policy is a disaster
I concur withon Pinehurst. IMO: Those blasts from sandy areas looked like IEDs exploding In Kandahar Province.
I concur~ Your children are indeed exemplary~ grace, &amp; poise~ well done, &amp; #HappyFathersDay Sir. Thanks.
Got to see the new 'Trump' letters onChicago skyscraper. Looks amazing
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be redone
How about you look inside - because truthfully, you're the solution.
went to Doonbeg last year, loved it!
I know about the rustic look on golf coursesbut see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphiaa real gem.
We need someone like you in Office who knows how to get this country out of debt #TrumpForPresident Easy
I've played Pinehurst and Trump Bedminster and Donald has 2 in Bedminister that are superior.Thank you &amp; true
I completely agree with DT here. Pinehurst looks bad. I wouldn't pay $400 to play if it looked like that.
stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions. DonaldTrump is 10,000 times more successful than you.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
Pinehurst #2 is what happens when environmentalists take over the USGA!
he has a point, fairways should be green. Scruff can be as bad as you want. Wouldn't pay top dollar
#TrumpForPresidentwe want TrumpCare and a president who has proof he is a real American
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
Donald know's business. Screw politics we need someone who doesn't care aboutPolitics for once.#Trump
I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry, one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league
The world just won't be safe until the name Trump is emblazoned on the White House.
we need a great leader liketo take this country where it belongs
Happy Birthday toI wish you many more success! You are greatness!Thanks.
Donald Trump gets over $1 million to speak. Tony Blair $600K. Rudy Giuliani $270K. A Greenspan $250K.
You're the man Mr. Trump! #DonaldTrump2016 Thanks.
It's worse forI know I wouldn't pay $400 to play what looks like a neglected municipal course.
Happy Birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive.Thanks.
The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!
Happy birthday tothe man we need to lead us in the future. #Trump2016Thank you.
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others.
who cares what it looks like! Pros aren't complaining. Yes they are, just ask Bubba (&amp; viewers)
DonaldTrump You built a beautiful high-rise, you pay your taxes, you should be able to put up whatever signage you want.
happy birthday Donald! Thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is
Thank youfor the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it!
If you have a problem withputting Trump on his building, you need to reassess your life. Get. Over. It.
I would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day.
Hi can u RT my daughter #JODIEDIXON she died 03/05/2014 age16 with cystic fibrosis thanx Jodie's dad
love the new sign in Chicago....adds some real intelligence to the city #keepfighting#PresidentTrump.
No one man can turn this country around and get us back on track. But onecan! 2016! HappyBirthday!
couldn't agree more. The course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. BORING FINISH!!!
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
. Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR
- you want to do something nice for Chicago and they shoot you down. Piss on Rahm. He is just an Obama lap dog.
Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course! Looks awful!
#Chicago River North support forTower sign. Thank you Jeremy, great writing!.
I love the Trump sign on your Chicago building. It's beautiful and it's your branding of Trump. Keep fighting!
Had a great time yesterday onwith &amp; guest host
.Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
Happy birthday to an American icon and a real estate el-supremo... Thanks.
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine
Love the signage on the Chicago building! I think you should request even bigger letters!
We would love a Trump building in #neworleans #CityBiz Thanks
Calling the sign &amp;Trump name tasteless is ridiculous! Its exactly the opposite. You always put beauty in your details.
Happy Birthday to successful businessman and true American success story. He certainly tells it like it is! Thank you.
Happy Birthday to The DonaldIt will take men like him to make the USA great again. #2016. Thanks.
92 stories above North Michigan Avenue,5-Starrated rooms have the best views of Chicago
is a real man of his word, he would help AMERICA. #TRUMP4PREZ
All hate'n T This was my tweet Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course Looks awful
. is Chicago's sole destination showcasing a Five-Starrating for both hotel &amp; restaurant
you don't like it because Trump is a conservative. How many jobs has Trump created in Chicago
I THINK PINEHURST IS UGLY.
LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others. Thanks.
Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned.
Why the fuss? Trump has the most beautiful building in Chicago! That sign will be iconic #TRUMP #Elegance #TrumpChicago
I like the Trump sign.
Your sign is absolutely stunning in Chicago! Now only if you could wear a suit &amp; fight crime!
Would make a great Commander in Chief. True intelligence. Common sense, economy knowledge, leadership.
Built for golf. Not built for TV. That is true because it looks horrible on T.V.SAD!
Great Chicago sign. Do not bend to pressure. Right on! I won't, thanks.
I'll say it -- you are likely the *only* Republican who could realistically beat Hillary in 2016. Please consider running
When Mr. Trump wants to get at something he goes all the way. He Walks-the-talk. There are only a few of them left! Thank you
. Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!
Worked @ restaurant for 33 yrs &amp; got fired because they didn't think I could keep up. No severance! Would u do that? NO WAY!
Like I said, Trump for President. USA needs a positive change.
great building. Name looks awesome on it.
It was my comment notI've played on nicer par 3 courses than #USOpen
I know I'm a day early for your weekend celebrations-Happy Birthday Donald! Looking forward to your surprises for 2014-2015 Thanks
The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!
Happy birthday to the best businessman in America!Thank you.
sign is the right size given size of the building.
Happy birthday tothe wisest man in the US. #2016Thanks.
Happy Birthday, Mr.you have been a great mentor in my life! #teamskmThanks Stephen
I thought this was the US Open not the wanna be British Open
In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great,
pumped millions into our Chicago economy. My brother worked on that building for 3yrs. Rahm should thank him!
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country &amp; oil, and O will say thanks
new sign looks awesome!!! Congrats!
Happy Birthdaybest author, I never get tired of reading think big and the apprentice!
please run and get America back on its feet.Stay tuned!
So many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? Give me a break! LOVE IT!!
In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great,
Happy Birthday to an American icon!Thank you.
Happy birthday to the best businessman in the worldThank you.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my idolI hope one day to be as successful as you! #TRUMP2016Work hard!
you called it about 4 years ago about the spoils of war its all coming true now.So true!
happy birthday sir! Nothing but respect for what you've accomplished.Thanks.
.It's true Matt, the NEW Blue Monster is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
Love the sign! #Chicago! Do not cross #THEDONALD#TRUMP
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
. Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,awful, was not made by me but tweeted to me
Just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass. You gave him a reward....good job Donald! Thanks
will you please run for PRESIDENT. I will #VoteDonaldTrump
Love the Trump signAmazing!!
your children are smart and capable. You must take the reins and get the USA back #1It can be done.
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place).
TRUMP! Love the sign in Chi Town! #trump4president Thank you.
I love the Trump building in Chicago
Happy Birthday from your Trump Towers in West Palm. Keep up the good work! A great place, thanks.
Happy #Birthday to an awesome business icon! Read my first Trump book at 14 which jump started my business success. Thanks.
just looked at the sign and it looks great
Mr. Trump, I love your sign, it really spiffs up that stodgy old town. Keep up the great style statements.
what a shameis wasting money onwhen we have CPS students in bldgs w/o AC
We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
I think your sign needs to stay, I think it looks great. Love it..
Happy B-Day Mr. Trump, you are a great inspiration for many people around the world! May God Bless You Mr. T!
your sign on chicago tower looks awesome!Thanks.
I'm with#Pinehurst looks like Muni. &amp; until we run out of H2O? Would pay $400 2 play that? No.
Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster,is South Miamis top destination
Loved havingin town over the weekend for #MissUSAA beautiful city filled with beautiful girls Thanks
I was never one who looked at success as bad. For me, success was always good. I loved it, and still do.Donald Trump
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
personally I think the letters should be higher up. Make sure everyone can see that name!
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
run for president, you got my vote
I'm a Liberal but I feel Mayor Emanual has bigger fish to fry in Chi-town than a Trump sign
Run, Donald, run!
I like the Trump Logo on the building! I feel this is a personal fight! &amp; will this fight cost IL residents
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. --Aristotle
Be sure to watchinterview from the#HospitalityConference
Congratulations toon the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book Special Heart. Already in its third printing!
Don the lettering looks sharp in Chicago!
There are no friends over there , you can not trust anybody. They where probably set up . Get our boys out
I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!OIL.
you sir are a true inspiration to me I thank you.Great, thanks.
Mr. Trump please build our Military and take care of our Vets as Commander in Chief This would happen!
Been listening tospeak words of wisdom on YouTube every night. He really needs to be our next presidentThx
If Donald Trump runs in 2016, I will donate my time to campaign for him. Trump For President!!! We need great leadership!
By far the best hotel i've ever stayed at! Mr. D is tremendous.
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets, letters and calls
.Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!
. would make an amazing president. Best ever! Sadly, I don't think he has the guts to run. A shame. We'll see!
As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned
This is my nephew Mr trump,he is having chemo again,can you look at this and send a message maybeTyler, get well soon - WIN!
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
Get this liar out of the White House.for president 2016! He has the drive and business leadership we need!
Can't wait 2 see the White House makeover when Trump is president. Our country would thrive!
A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sundays Miss USA pageantbeautiful!
Loving the new TRUMP sign going up in Chicago! Thank you!
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter, the White House is now attacking Bergdahls platoon
Watch thevideo whereis crowned as the 63rd The Crowning Moment!
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond.
Viaby NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD
Dopeycritic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
As a Scot, thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of Scotland. But US needs u in DC. #presidentdonaldtrump
You have to loveTells it like it is - no BS. Aren't you tired of all the BS?
Theprimary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp;won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
The man made climate change that our great president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!
if you were in Washington this country would be in better shapeWow, thank you for caring so much!
Donald, that's a wonderful picture of you and your Dad. You can sense his love and pride in you! Thank you.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation.
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
Trump for President. You would make a difference. I think you're great. Thank you!
for President! Smarter than any man in the USA!I agree, thanks!
when do you sleep?Not much sleep for me!
With GOOD service at his clubs imagine the service Mr Trump could give American people as Pres!True!
No House Majority Leader Has Lost A Primary Since 1899.
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
yo that sign gonna be more famous than HOLLYWOOD! I agree!
Just heard you on #FoxandFriends. We can count on you to tell it like it is. From a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!
One of my favorite buildings in Chicago #TrumpHotel #TrumpTower Thanks!
He sure has my vote! It's time we get someone in there that has a brain! A business mind to clean this mess up! Thank you!
Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan: O's foreign policy (or lack thereof) fails repeatedly.
W/state of the art Clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities,brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
I have never voted before, but if Mr.Trump ran for President, I would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him.
Good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world! A great place!
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.General Douglas MacArthur
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.General Douglas MacArthur
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator?
about Bush? He lied about Iraq and WMD's. Cost us 4000 lives!!!I agree, I think he was also a terrible President!
Career Advice from Donald Trumpviaby
Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat! #TrumpEm #Trump4Prez
wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected! #TRUMP2016
Flights cancelled. One quick call to Trump Toronto &amp; I was all looked after
I really thinkshould run for #President!!! Who's with me on that nomination?!
Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen.
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you!Thanks!
Amateurs... unfortunate but true.True, our leader is clueless!
come home to NYC and put your name on all the buildings you want. #ChicagoSucksAnyway
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!
was completed during recession, when most other projects failed. Trump deserves Chicago's praise
Run Donald Run! We need strong, decisive leader who'll make timely decisions, move policy forward &amp; return US 2 prosperity.
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.
Ifran for president in 2016,I'd totally vote for him.We need a business man to get the economy back on track
Must readeditorial: Child Alien Crisis Obama's Fault, But GOP Won't Pounce
Live in the suburbs but saw the TRUMP sign on your beautiful building. Really classy! Love it!
I don't understand the all the fuss. The building is an exquisite edition to our skyline.
let me make this simple. Run. For. President . #forgodssake
#donaldtrump for president! Thanks!
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got firedfor the failinglikes the building but doesnt like the Trump sign
is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from Iraq w/o having a fully prepared Iraqi Army. Wrong, they could NEVER do it!
Followingwas one of the best decisions I've made on twitter. Love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating
The only strong leader that the Republicans have at the moment is Donald Trump.
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
trump for president. You are a very wise man that we need in office!Thank you.
The 5-stargraces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare, Ireland
Your Dad for sure has a son to be proud of....We all are:) So nice, thanks!
he has my vote we need an Patriot in the White House again.
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
you are an inspiration to us all. If only you would run for President and sort all this shit out.
The Smartest Businessman, and the best President we could ever elect into office thus far!!!!! #Trump4Prez
Your name on your building in Chicago looks awesome!
I would vote for Trump! We need discipline, intelligence, and most of all strength!! He would bring all 3
What a great golf course, excellent jobMy 1st Scottish golf experience was one to remember. Thanks!
Amazing view of
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
was at a whole other level this Saturday. Thank you for coming down sir! #TorontoInternational
We need a successful business person to upright the USA...no rookies. Trump is the man to do it!Thanks, I agree!
is the right man for the job #Trump2016
Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions
. has a wonderful new book #specialheart and its proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Thank you for coming to Louisiana &amp; bringing $$$! First with your incredible speech at RLC &amp; now Miss USA! You rock! THANKS!
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
will you be in Baton Rouge for Miss USA Yes!
He got the president to show his Birth Certificate! He has clout my friend! He can really stir things up!
Great deal, we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. Thats how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
i always tell people to vote for Donald Trump if he runs forpresident. He knows the real deal!
The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.Midas Touch
is the visionary with the midas touch. America, Good times are on their way...Thanks.
Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama.is the ideal candidate for this country's restorationThx.
You are the most gracious man in the business nowadays! #Trump2016 I have not heard that one but thanks!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --Donald Trump
I givea lot of shit, but Trump National in Bedminster is absolutely incredible. Thanks (sort of)!
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April, 2 yr record highWe must do better. China is ripping us. Bring the jobs home!
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China!
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Enjoyed seeing you onYou should run for President! You would get this great country going again!
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter.
Looking forward seeingontonight. Has my vote as the next #POTUS Thanks.
The entrepreneurs ability to dream, to win, lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.Midas Touch
always my role model Thank you.
Its embarrassing, yet no one seems to know how to turn our country around. A bunch of clueless leaders. True!
It's a tough game, and you never want to take that aspect out of the game. Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
Would you be aggressive as President?Not aggressive,smart!
The same brilliant negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitorare now making trade deals with China &amp; others.No chance
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on2014Competition will be a tremendous event
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
. just got firedthe people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
looks awesome mr t. Thank you.
is not afraid to tell the truth &amp; stand up for what he thinks is right #GOP2016 #Trump2016 Thank you
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
.Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC
Who knew al Qaeda had such good negotiators. Impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty USA
Cant wait to see you in the Oval Office! Make America great again!
. 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
Moving forward f/tonights competitive primaries, it is crucial that the Tea Party &amp;remain united towards November. Take the Senate!
Obamas war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp; creating a great business disadvantage.
Trump Collections summer line, exclusively availableis the pinnacle of style &amp; prestige. Dress your best!
#TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Fathers Day
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but cant make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story
Your time on the David letterman show was so much more interesting than dr Phil on kimmel show. You look good. I'd vote 4 u
In my first Presidential election that I can vote in I would vote for#run2016Great!
Another Obama disaster-
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
. That wouldn't be hard to do. True!
I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. #Trump2016True!
If Washington hadtype of leaders, this country would be back on topThank you and true!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Congratulations toon her impressiveprimary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November
REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!
speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right. I guess so, thanks!
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable. - Donald Trump
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
. Thank you Andrew -so correct!
A great Fathers Day gifta stay at my 5 star hotelalong with items from my signature collection
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted(h/t
Reading's Think Like a Champion . What a great and inspirational book.Thanks, good luck!
nothing would make me prouder than to see Mr. Trump in the Oval office. Business would get done. Thanks and true.
All Mr.is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. Loving the tweets. Thank you.
Enjoyed seeing you at the RLC, Mr. Trump! Great speech! We need real leadership in America! Thank you.
Great show/guest tonight! #legendsThank you!
Rapidly failingmagazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's brilliant 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
Learn, know, and show. Its a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.Think Like a Champion
Not on your watch MR. President... 100% true!
Be sure to buy this monthsmagazine. Read A Trump Card, my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
Been waiting 3 WEEKS for my fix...D is the man and just states things 'the way they are'. Love his segments. Great, thx.
BREAKING NEWS:Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California &amp; our gold supply. We get borscht &amp; a bottle of vodka.
Entrepreneurs:If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong!
Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
If you run as Donald Trump and not a Democrat or Republican, the people will vote for you!
If you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic. - Think Like a Billionaire
Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info:
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
A good #plan violently executed now is better than a perfect #plan next week. - General George S. Patton
all your towers are breathtaking.Proud of your charisma and versatility. Thanks.
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -
Thank you to the greatest heroes
#DDay70 #WWII
I want you Mr. Trump as the president Well, we'd better get someone fast--the U.S. is going down--fast.
Obama can strike a deal with the Taliban, but can't make a deal with congress.
Happy 30th Birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to havebe a part of the series.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. -
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category.
Just watched your speech at the National Press Club. Fantastic as usual. Please consider 2016. We need fantastic leadership
The Amateur. On his trip to Afghanistan, our commander-in-chief disclosed the CIA Chiefs name. Unsafe disaster!
just started my business and everyday I tell myself #belikeTrump Very nice, thanks!
The Dunes ofare a world treasure threading thruScotland top Par 72 7,400 yd course
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
Now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b/c our idiot president will give them what they want.
If Donald doesn't run, the US will never regain its #1 world super-power status True!
should be the next presidentThanks.
Mr. Trump Is A Fine Man &amp; So Intelligent &amp; Dnt Bk Down. I Wid B The 1st N Line 2 Vote.
Trump 2016! We need someone who not only wants to Change this country but can change this country.Thanks.
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
President Trump would have America walking proudly, talking loudly, carrying big stick n foreign policy again. #Trump2016
Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
#whocaroniscalling
. The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline
Thetower is crazy. Absolutely in love.#service #amazing #Mrzbirthday
please run for president to save America. my whole family is knows youre the only man who can do it! True
run for pres 2016! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you Thank you, nice!
That limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing, I wish I was as lucky as he was, have a great day!THANKS!
when the released prisoners kill Americans what does Obama say to their parents?
2016 is your year! Nobody better prepared to fix our country than you, please run
I'm not sayingTrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. Give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy
do you ever sleep? I see timelines from you at 3-5am?Not much!
run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. Obama and his friends are tearing America apart.
Donald for President!Thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
My speech toon Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via
if you run...it will be the first time I vote
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
running the US is much like running a business, who better at that than The Donald? #Trump2016
My speech toyesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via
Featuring private living spaces, oversized bathrooms &amp; stunning views,= downtown NYCs premiere hotel
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice.
Donald please run
Your ties are amazing.Thanks.
When is Mr.due back? The last two weeks without him on Monday's has scarred me. MONDAY!
How many people would vote for DonaldTrump if he ran? I would... if you can make inNew York, you can make it anywhere #NewYorkNY
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. --
Thomas A. Edison
Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressingin New OrleansWill focus on how to fix our great country.
I hoperuns for #President2016, ratings for debate nights would blowright out of the water!
if u don't run for prez I hope u r tapped for VP or Fed reserve chair or anything.Thanks.
Greatstory about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel-
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.Pres. Abraham Lincoln
We need you. You are the answer to this nations problems. #trump2016
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care
I saw the Toronto hotel last year - it is a beauty indeed! Great addition to the skyline!
That is for sure !! Congrats on your appearance at #RLC2014 in New Orleans TRUMP 2016Thanks.
#TBT Here I am withand
RED in 2014 &amp; 2016 &amp; remove these inept clowns &amp; party out for the next 8 years. Donald Trump run for Pres. Americans are fed up!
Intrinsic means basic, inborn, elemental. If you have an intrinsic value, it cannot be taken away. - Think Like a Champion
I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country
run Mr. Trump...please we need you!
You are such a great team I work with my daughter and I can understand the dynamic. Thank you.
i hope my children are just like youSo nice, thanks.
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
Trump boldy calls out problems,then offers solutions &amp; opinions that excite the electorate, just like Reagan!
even after making billions, what keeps you motivated? If you have passion for your work, you will be motivated
If you don't run in 2016..... I'm moving to Canada..... Please help us Mr. TrumpDon't move so fast!
. A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.True!
for PRESIDENT. Time for a CHANGE in the RIGHT direction.
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
#Trump2016 You are an inspiration to me and my friends,#2016 #prez
worked there once. Stayed there too. It was a dream both times!
one beautiful course Thank you.
watching your c-span special from the other day, I can't get enough of it!!!!!!!Thank you!
A successful #Trump2016 bid would restore American exceptionalism, entrepreneurship, and leadership.
Ur biid 4 Prez n 2016 would make U.S top economic superpower, encourage r allies, slow or stop r enemies. #Trump2016
you need to run for president like right now mister trump
#TheArsenioHallShow Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
not long, Obama plays with our emotion's knowing we all love to see this soldier come home. Stupid man!
. The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline
So yeah the first vote I will ever cast for president will be Donald Trump bc who can really argue with Donald Trump?
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster.
If you run for president I will absolutely vote for you and so will my family/friends!~ Great!
A Trump Makeover for Washingtons Old Post Office Bringing a touch of class back to DC - well done! Thx
my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you.
We need you to run for president, big guy. The Dems &amp; Reps are simply incapable of fixing the country.
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
If someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize, forgive them and move on, but never trust them again. by
I agree mr trump. I am a veteran and can't stand what is happening
ViabyTrump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Luster
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
My Gram passed in Nov. I sorted through her books today &amp; found all of yours. Gram knew how to pick them! THANKS LAUREN!
Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement. - Think Like a Champion
wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack Americans?
should run for president. Thank you!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
-- Vince Lombardi
BRILLIANT! Thank you!
Great man doing great thingsThank you.
Run for president! We need a leader, not a politician! So true!
MUST READviaVA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals
Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. - Joe Montana
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess.
LOLis seriously the man. Run for president PLEASEOur next President must be GREAT, that's me. Thanks
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai.
Great to seegetting the respect he deserves. A gentleman, a friend, a genius.Thank you!
take a shot at buying theand keeping them in WNY!
Obama's wind turbines kill 13-39 million birds and bats every year! Save our bald eagles, symbol of our nation!
Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
Trump presidency would right the ship. Please run, Donald. It can be done - thanks.
Entrepreneurs:See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
- Ireland, Scotland, Dubai! Do you ever sleep?Not much!
Viaby suesfor violating 1st Amendment
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
Visited Trump International Scotland yesterday, amazing golf course. #hole18 #Scotland #TrumpgolfThanks.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
I want Donald Trump to be president. He knows business and people. He needs to be in the oval office, now.
One of the best Business Firm &amp; Family. What a combination. Amazing.Thank you.
Seriously please.run for President. We need someone who can get the job done with competence!
Love thatis moving into #vancouver, just checked out the presentation centre, super cool!
Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!
Really hoping I magically run intoin New York City this weekend!! He's an inspiration! Thank you.
Thanks Ronan, see you there!
Trump may be the best entrepreneur. Thinking Big and he is also creative, tenacious &amp; loves his work.
The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B &amp; many still do not workOne of the greatest fiascos in modern history!
I am in Dubai with Damac.PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!
Withand the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai.
NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp; economy!)
Wow had a blast today!!! What a guy:)Thanks for the great photos - look forward to seeing the magazine!
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing.Donald Trump
Delighted you are investing in Ireland. Great for our golf courses and our economy. Welcome to the emerald isle. Thank you
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Exclusive: Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubaiviaby
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S.,everything is falling apart!
30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
We won't unless you get elected. Seriously. No politician is capable of fixing this mess not even Cruz or Rand Paul.
You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.Think Like a Champion
Can't you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?! Thanks and true.
run for president please!Thanks.
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
been self-employed since I was 18. You &amp; The Art of the Deal were instrumental in that young motivation. Thank you. Great!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
-- Stephen King
We have hope. We still have Mr. Trump!Thank you!
Without a doubt but the public is too dumbActually, I don't think so. They know U.S. needs help &amp; leadership
Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
Your seminars, books, shows all have impacted my life for better. The number 1 thing I learned from you: THINK BIG! Great!
One week from today, we open our amazing pool #trumpnationalphiladelphia! Thank you GOOD LUCK ERIC Q!
Thx, and from a better quotation source: You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -- Wayne Gretzky
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
-- Steve Jobs
Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay,offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building
COME BACK N FIX THINGS IN USA PLEASE MR. TRUMP
Hi Donald, I thought you may like to see a photo of Turnberry Lighthouse I took last yearBeautiful!
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.-- Anonymous
beepee2004 Thank you very much Donald. Here is another.Thanks--both do justice to a fantastic place.
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle.
Persistence is a key for success. Dont give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
did someone say #WineWednesday? Loved your winery in VA, brought a case back to Pottstown PA!Great!
One of my favorite places in the world. Great resort, great history, now a great owner. Congrats!Thanks.
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!
Congrats toon winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch.
. - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!
You add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful Interesting!
Mike Leach's lessons, his takeaways from Geronimo's life are fascinating &amp; useful whether in boardroom or locker room
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. -Donald Trump #leadership
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!
The guy next to me on the train apparently supports Donald Trump for presidentAnd so do many others - our country is a mess!
what books should I read for business? Particularly by youStart with The Art of the Deal.
Terrible for the economy &amp; middle class, gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1,245 daysFRACK NOW &amp; FAST!
Just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox- she's being cut to 30 hrs due to #Obamacare- been there 5 yrs-3 kids to feed Very sad!
So many people post hateful messages toyet they still follow him...secretly envious maybe? No, losers!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!
saw the Facebook specs for the new trump tower in Dubai looking good!!Thanks.
Very excited to be addressing thenext Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
thanks for getting me through finals week Mr. TrumpGood luck!
Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comebackviaby
Viaby'Trump effect' will see Dubai properties rise 50%
Just flew your helicopter from National to Doral best run operation period. You are the man Mr Trump!
Remember, China is not a friend of the United States!
Turnberry is a great golf centre. Great courses &amp; hotel. Hope you can improve them Donald. It can be the best. Will be great
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
-- Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurs:Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Every city in the US would be like Dubai if you were president.
Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:Know everything you can about what you're doing.
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!
All I want for Christmas is forto buy the
Yep, the man we need running the country.Thanks!
Great to hear that T just purchased Doonbeg. Exactly what Golf in Ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy.
&lt;-- this guy needs to run for president! Knowledge is power. #2016Thanks!
Fantastic to meetyesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in Aberdeen. #itmustbenumberone
Thanks for the golf course in The Bronx! What else do you have planned for us? Hispanics/Latinos love Trump! AND I LOVE THEM!
10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have no jobs, no cash and no hope!
Poll: New Yorkers Prefer Donald Trump And Liam Neeson Over of Bill de Blasio
If it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run Donald, then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet. #2016 #President
Designed by New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
Must read f/@ weeklystandard byObamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories.
Advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: Trust in God and be true to yourself.
ViaDonald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort
Another historic first under Obama, businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formedNew leadership now!
Please run for president.We need your help. Get in there and fire those Aholes.Your a legend business man and love America
We need a business oriented man in office! RUN! You've got my vote!
You have a cool name for a President Donald J. TRUMP.. I'll pick you as a winner in any race!Thx
Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
DennisThank you for being honest.Somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldnt take it. Great!
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
You were completely right as always! Thanks.
Simple as that #TrumpForPresident
If you are steadfast in your efforts, critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward, and achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
ViabyWind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away
Just did my final presentation wearingtie. Definitely increased my grade. #DressLikeABillionaire
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Donald Trump
Who goes first? Tell us......quick..Clowney
The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer
Aside from having no ratings, sleazy Ed Schultz lied about what I said. Thank you Scott Whitlock
If you cant handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai a great company.
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
If its worth doing, its worth fighting for. Youll have lots of people &amp; obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.Midas Touch
Sending a warm welcome to the Trump family who landed in Enjoy your stay in ClareThank you.
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! -
Hope you've enjoyed your time at Turnberry. The surrounding towns will benefit too ! High 5 for the investmentThank you.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
-- Steve Jobs
Celebrated for its room views by soars a luxurious 92 stories over the Windy City
beautiful hotel, great staff, wonderful location &amp; County Clare is a hidden gem for unique tourist attractions Fantastic place!
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up &amp; Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing climate change warnings.
beautiful family!!! enjoy your tripThank you.
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to.
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
-- Andrew Carnegie
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial --now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.Think Like a Champion
I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.
Photo fromof Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland
#TrumpForPresident #trump2016
With the worlds top amenities,luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate Toronto lifestyle
This guycant do a simple interviewsaw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation. - Midas Touch
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee timeright here
would take this country in the right direction. #USA #TrumpForPresident
will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision.
Remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it.
No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part. -
A message for Hollywood-
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touringI'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links &amp; Hotel -- absolutely magnificent.
has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think you'd be great True &amp; thx
With a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views &amp; top restaurants,is Honolulus premier hotel
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -
now Cleveland and the country needs you to run for President!!!Thanks.
Watching HBO Tyson my suggestion to all wealthy sports entertainers offer10%of earnings to protect your interests
welcome to Ireland!Very much looking forward to sampling #trumpluxury on my home soil! #DoonbegThank you!
U Mr. Trump cold be the next Ronald Reagan, but u need to seriously announce your Candidacy! Will you? WATCH!
You make this country great &amp; inspire younger generations to become better. You are the American story. Thank you Beth
Do your homework. Wasting other peoples time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression.Think Like a Billionaire
Congrats to Barack Obama on Aprils job report. Over 800,000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt shame at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
great #CincoDeMayo to one of the best americans! #LatinAmerica follows u always !
Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.Think Big
Trump has done it again - excellence, elegance, &amp; excitement. Brilliant news for Ireland. County Clare is buzzing Thanks!
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
Jerry, GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!
A rare case where the U.S. should help-
I am delighted that you are getting to experience Doonbeg in glorious sunshine - enjoy your visitIt was fantastic, thx.
Obama told his donors this past week public opinion is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
DAMAC Properties Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip!Thank you!
Young entrepreneurs Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence.
Very Smart Man. I'd Vote 4 U MR. TRUMP. Thanks
Art of The Deal just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book.. Thanks, enjoy.
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
Home of the 2022Trump Natl Bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect Tom Fazio
Hey,Which gets better reviews the redesigned Blue Monster atorBoth=great reviews
Welcome to Ireland! Enjoy the fine weather on Ireland's golf coursesThank you.
America needs to be put back in the hands of America. Reclaim this country of ours!
should run for president! What a great vote to make!Thank you.
BLT Steak excellent service, staff, chefs, manager, wonderful dining in Honolulu. Thanks
Congratulations toon winningSenate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win. - Phil Mickelson
Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
For the record, Trump ties are the best ties I have ever owned.High quality and very appealing Thanks.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.--Thomas A. Edison
You could reverse the US economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as Prez! #wewantTrump
Great decision byin placingas chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
is one of the most successful businessman in America. He's decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan
Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
-- Vince Lombardi
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want to be the best, youd better be the bestin all aspects of business. - Think Like a Billionaire
Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for President,, that would so awesome....
Gabriela Isler #Beautiful #TheBestGabriela is doing a great job!
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
Like it or not, the new Master of the Golf Universe is Donald Trump. Wow, thank you Ron!
No wonder boxing is close to dead!
I still believe you would have beaten Obama LMAOI do also!
As a Turnberry member congrats on yr purchase.Will there still be a place &amp; role for members in future? Absolutely! See u there
Turnberry. Thanks Donald Trump for giving us a reason to show it.
Donald loves the game, is a perfectionist and master builder - every project is his personal masterpiece.
Bring the honesty to the White House. Eventhinks you should! #2016
on our way to Trump International Las Vegas!It's our favorite place to stay! #trumplasvegasThanks.
remember how awkward Chevy Chase was on his short lived talk show?But he was better than
you are the president we need!!Thanks
Forget Jack and Arnie, Tiger and Phil. The Master of the Golf Universe is now Donald Trump. Wow!
Please support our #AutismMayDay campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with #autismRT
you are my heroSo nice, thanks.
The reporter that called Kevin Durant Mr. Unreliable should be fired or, at least, apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!
CNN said you supported Sterling but then when they showed the quote I thought no he doesn't!'CNN lied!
Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties,at Trump DC &amp;at Trump Bedminster
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called journalists can make up lies and get away with it
You bought Turnberry? You own 2 best courses/ resorts in Scotland/ World now! You're a legend! Get a Kilt now!I'll have to!
Enough Donnie. Stop busting the guys balls.Why, he's a total loser!
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
RTDoesrealize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues?
YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION.Thank you!
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT.
Announced w/that we will bringto&amp;to Trump Bedminster
both headed to Trump coursesvia
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
A feature on the progress of the course @ #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature onThurs 8 May 2014 @ 0930 &amp; 1630 GMT #DAMAC
.Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
Conservatives can't afford to be sidelined again, they need a viable candidate for the WH... Run Donald Run!!
Congrats on purchase of iconic Turnberry.Great course &amp; a special place for me. 1986 Thx Greg, our great winner!
thanks Donald! Turnberry will be better than ever!
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth!
Donald Trump buys Turnberryvia Great job on Apprentice Natalie.
love the confidence that has. That's what makes a great leaderThank you
way to destroy a view...
Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! Must read for the go getter make it happen Entrepreneurs!
I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president Probably true!
- The Donald gets his men's major: 2022 PGA going to Trump BedminsterWill be amazing!
I admire u so much. U would make a great prez...please run!
Give him time! You grew into .. Gotta get into your groove #betterhappensoon
Looking forward to hearing from Donald Trump at press conference in Shannon on Mon 12th MayMe too.
nbc relies too much on an out of touch Lorne Michaels
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
ViabyDonald Trump Buys Four-Time BritishGolf Course
Donald run please you can fix this mess
I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president
Yooand Jayz On The RunTour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got Donald trump moneyNot good
Offensive to&amp;~ Windfarms ~Via
Will be doing interview onat 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc.
please run for president! We need a competent leader, so I can find a job after college! #Trump2016
Listen to your daughter! Run for Prez!
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
-- Albert Einstein
If anyone can turn around this country and create jobs it'sIt will not even be difficult.
Cant wait for 2016 So tired of this weak Adm policy at home n foreign even worse. America deserves better we can do better True!
. to create US$200m hotel &amp; spa in The Old Post Office, Washington DC
. ~ AWESOME to read!! I told you that - great piece in recognizingimpact on #golf!
Congratulations on your acquisition of Turnberry Resort. Spectacular place. Fond memories. My best. GP Thanks Gary!
China will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. ObamaChinas greatest asset!
the only thing we need Is you too run!!We can be great again.
Even the Irish are routing for you to become president. Also congrats on Doonbeg golf course. #TrumpForPresident
Loved my engagement lunch at GREAT!
If I don't seein office in the next decade, I am moving costal and never returning. We need a leader.
Donald Trump: #RaffaeleSollecito was unfairly convicted. He didnt kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. #innocent
wonderful ideals on. We need a phenomenal president like you!
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger. - Arnold Palmer
I have to express the great speech you gave us in March at the Trump Doral Golf Tournament. Momentum!Thanks.
your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! Including myself!Thank you.
I plan on becoming just as successful and big asin business.Great--work hard!
spot on about the media! Honestly, just run 4 prez! Many will support u! More than u expect!Thanks.
RTCirculation @ record low. Spy Mag also failed under Graydon.Magazine
I know mine for 2016 and you've my votePlease get our Country back where it belongs. Please!!! Thanks.
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
Seth should just play the 'best of' Fallon. His show is a cure for insomnia.So true!
Mr. Trump, plaza take your daughters advice!
Withcirculation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should.
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left.
Dear Sir. PLEASE run. America needs youThank you, or country can be great again!
I think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a REAL difference-True
RUN, DONALD, RUN!!!!
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at
ViaUS property tycoon Donald Trump confirms Turnberry buy
NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?
Say what you will about Trump, but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses! True, the best in the world
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
America needs Donald Trump, let's put our country back on top in 2016!!
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care &amp; loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
Mr.Trump when are you going to run for president of the United States? We need someone with a backbone and brains
love u!!! Genius! Have a nice day! Thanks.
and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to Feds hiring #Obamacare exchange temps!Good question. ?
Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined
You should run for President in 2016 and haveas your running mate.Cute!
Meyers is hard to watch
Trump for PRESIDENT!!
are you running for President? You should.Thank you.
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger. - Think Big
I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it. -
looks likeneeds to call in to the Two of Howard's all time top 5.
A truly great course.Best I have played in Scotland.Thank you.
&amp;to Announce Major Golf News at news conference on Thursday, May 1 - 11 a.m. ET. at Trump Tower Stay tuned!
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
.Happy Birthday Jamie!
Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?
It was great to see you - say hi to all!
speaks the truth #TrumpForPrez2016
please buy the Bills#BillsMafia
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on The Art of the Deal! Always admired you.Thanks.
Worry destroys focus.Think Big
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
Dopeyshould force her reporters to be accurateif she has that power.
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer fromandMy choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll
The onlyFive-Star &amp;hotel in NYC,is the definition of luxury The Best!
They should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said Selective editing is very unfair True.
you would make an amazing president!Thanks.
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling onsome DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!
As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big. Donald Trump
Mr. T, pls buy the #NYTimes and turn it around for the truth! These lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin.
Passion is the start; confidence, vision &amp; focus are the steps, &amp; resilience is the last mile to entrepreneurial success.
Mr. Trump if you ran the country what's the #1 thing you'd put in place to improve matters in the United States?JOBS!
I'm a lifelong Bills fan. Please save this franchise!We're ready to win!#BillsMafia
I don't agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda Thx--true
is always right when it comes to political views!! Pro Trump
u afraid of getting #poorAlways have been!
Donald Trump will forever be Mac Miller's best song.True - he will never have another one to compete!
is the world's greatest developer. He's the Rockefeller of this generation.Thank you!
for president!
Had the pleasure to perform for Mr.Trump tonite &amp; told him the world is a better place because of his contributions Great job!
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
This is what you have done; its called perseverance. Now persevere to the White House! #trump2016Nice!
celebrity, business man, or politician? Who cares, you're damn good at all three
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving thewould be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
I'm glad to see you come out strong against Sterling today. Typical Trump, a strong voice.
People need to start looking up to the real Role models Such as Donald Trump and Warren Buffett........
I saw your interview yesterday &amp; agree 100%. Disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words. Flat out lies by them.
Obama makes George W. Bush look like the brightest crayon in the box.
Get to know yourself.You cant improve upon something you dont understand.The more you ask, the better you'll know. Vince Lombardi
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline, Par 72 course is 7,400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes
Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?
Its important to listen to what people say. Horrible and disgusting are the words I used in response to Sterlings comments.
#TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City.
Love inspirational, awesome businessman, teacher, &amp; great role model for all generationsThank you.
im a autism mom my son loves you bunches Great--say hi to him!
Great job on Fox and Friends !Thanks.
Congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets, awesome example of planning and scheduling! Thanks.
Once you know you love your job, never stop and never give up.Think Like a Billionaire
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily. - Think Like a Billionaire
Watch this amazing ad fromand learn the signs
Run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics! #TrumpforPresident
The premier landmark in midtown NYC, Trump Tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall
I knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as I listened to your interview. So did I!
. Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments
Donald J. Trump, my biggest inspirational in life.Thank you.
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
what's wrong with everyone. Mr Trump will kick ass as president. Economy will flourish.Thanks and true!
The Donald would be HUGE Boost for the #NFL. Such an icon! I know it would be a huge boost to the franchise &amp; NFL.
not at all!the hassle you are getting/have had is truly disgraceful Thanks, but it is working out great!
My 666th tweet goes out toyou are the man sir #keepenterprisingGreat!
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
Very proud to say I live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one.Thanks James!
i love Trump because he actually says whats on his mind, not what the people want to hear. thats why hes a leaderThanks
If you have passion, confidence, resilience, &amp; vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. - Donald TrumpSO TRUE!
The Art Of The Deal is a fairy tale come true. Dreams can come true.Nice!
Is everyone enjoying ObamaCares 21 new 2014 taxes?Its Obamas special gift added on to your rising premium.
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!
Thank youfor namingthe #1 golf course in Miami
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
Idiots! That's who negotiates. C'mon Trump..America needs you! Thanks.
Seeing how excited Trump is about the bills is awesome. We deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in Buffalo
Thanks-I'm really looking forward to it. You have a beautiful course!
W/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing, Trump Intl.Palm Beach is ranked by Florida Golf Magazine as FLs #1 course
love a view without those damn Turbines. They make ppl sick.True.
Obamas 2014 budget eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenueHe loves taxes. T-E-A. Taxed Enough Already.
Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are, here is myinterview-
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others.
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be readjusted by the White House at an opportune time, probably after 14 election
I still have articles from following some of your 80's moves &amp; the Trump game... I was the original apprentice!Great!
please buy the bills nflcommish
Learning to listen to my gut was the best thing I've ever done for myself. Inspired by#ThinkBig Great.
President Trump, now that would make Putin wet himself!
President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!
Ex-Cowboys RB Herschel Walker: Like Jerry Jones, Donald Trump would be a great NFL owner.
i think Donald trump should run for presidentThank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!
I think you would be a great president but a better NFL owner...especially the buffalo bills!
i love whentweets #
Heyis hostingGolf Classic on 5/19 benefitingRusty will have a great day!
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
I wish #DonaldTrumpwould run for President, I think he would be a great one.Thank you.
As I predicted, Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment # by CBO whos sticking w/ 6 million enrollments
of course we have cards. Unfortunately we also have a community organizer, not a seasoned businessman as president!
sir, our country could be great once more with you as President. You're hired! Thanks!
All eyes on press conference for 99th Met Open at spectacular Trump Bedminster! See you there B!
If you buy the team it would win the superbowl!
Who the heck is Arianna Huffington anyway? Shouldn't somebody check her green card (if that even matters anymore)?
you are a God !!! Of real estate A great compliment (and true) - thanks!
I likedbut the more u tweet, the more I love you man. #TrumpsBills #billsmafia
The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it.
Sir, I've always respected you. I was born &amp; raised in Buffalo &amp; would love you as owner of the
please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be greatI agree!
Think big, set your vision high, and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do.- Midas Touch
Go Donald! I am with you!Thanks.
You would rejuvenate the entire city of Buffalo if you bought the Bills &amp; kept them in WNY.
First rule of success; a great big ego! Still love you Mr Trump and CANNOT wait for Celebrity
my son would be ecstatic!! Bills fan from 5 years old!
Trump Bedminster is truly special. But then again all of Trump's courses are ! Thank you Ann Marie!
When will we see you again in Soon!
Words I never expected to say in this lifetime....I hope Mr.Trump buys the Bills. I think its the best for team&amp;fans!
Last Thursday Obama said investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term The next day he again stopped Keystone
You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up. -
Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan 're ObamaCare.
Thebrand is based on success and being a winner. Just what theneed!
The Bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance! Mr. Trump is the man! Great things will happen!
been watching YouTube videos on &amp;all day. Feeling really inspired.Great
Ifbuys the Bills they will win the Super Bowl within 5 years. #buytheEagles
Uwere right,the Chinese respect smart ppl like urself,but they and evry1 laughs @ Obama.Plz run in '16 you're STRONG
and a better TV show.#1 You make great TV Mr Trump Thanks.
I'm not even a #Bills fan and I know they belong here! Devout fans + Trump owned = #Buffalove4Life
Donald Trump is a leader and savvy businessman, two qualities we lack and desperately need in DC. Thank you, HAPPY EASTER!
Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo.
Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp; bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
If America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Please make this happen !!!
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will, there's a win. Think positively!
The Bills need someone not afraid to take chances. Mr.Trump, you have 100%of my support!
You see what youve gone and done,Im rooting for#Bills #KeepThemInBuffalo
Buffalo has one great Donald Trump - Doctor at Roswell Park Cancer Institute - We need another!
Congratulations toon yesterdays successful and safeThe entire country is proud.
where do you get your energy from? Unbelievable. Maybe sell the ingredients? I wish I could!
are you just going to complain about it? Or are you going to make a difference in 2016?Just watch!
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!
You would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there!
Fifth Avenues most iconic building,features Trump Grill nestled in the corner of the Atrium
When are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? Looking forward to hearing about it! Soon!
your the greatest man on earthSo nice, thank you!
Im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass ifwas the new owner. True.
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!
Obama told Medvedev after the 12 reelect, he would have more flexibility. It was music to Putins ears.
I detestwith a passion! And for good reason, she is a complete phoney!
Theneeds theHappy Easter!
If you would buy the team that would be awesome! Just an extra win for my squad:)
I just wantto buy my Bills! Perfect man for the perfect clubnflcommish
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. - Think Like a Champion
.Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was not political - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
I completely agree. I thinkwould be an excellent owner and wouldn't accept losing!
would give the city hope .. would give Bills fans hope for a promising team
anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchiseIt was my honor!
Vote Donald for President 2016. Thanks.
Donald Trump will never ever get old. Ever.Wow, what a nice thing to say!
With two champion style coursesgraces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River
you have many more followers on Twitter than Mark CubanI also have far greater wealth and athleticism!
. Club of the Year, Trump Natl Bedminster is NJ's top family country club with two award winning courses
you'd be a great president Mr.Trump Thank you, the World would no longer look at us as fools!
nah, hell get old, but hell age like fine wine.Wow, nice!
You owe it to this country Go for it You can fix itI definitely can!
#america needs a true businessman to run this nation. You.I agree, thanks!
Do u think our Government still has the gold they say they have in Colorado, Ft Knox etc. I doubt it, sadly!
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. - Margaret Thatcher
Best customer service at the trump hotel
Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region viaby Musaid Al-Zayani
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
Mr. Trump, please buy our precious #BuffaloBills with Jim Kelly. You two know what the team means to #WNY. Love it!
and I have the same birthday...always praying I can emulate his business saavy. #GeminisWeAre
I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump
You're so successful &amp; admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children!Thanks!
needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. Intelligent &amp; knows what he's doing. #GotMyVote #NewAmerica
My cousin working with J. Nicklaus to make Ferry Point one of the best golf courses! Will be great!True!
He IS a damn good businessman and a wise investor. I'd say he'd run a great team.
I would voteas president!
furious with MSNBC: Why don't they just hire Donald Trump and be done with it? And their ratings would go way up, and fast!
!explains #Obamacare perfectly.
Someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... I nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat
Obama is a horrible leader, can't get anyone to agree on anything. I believe trump is for real Thank you.
Just finished another week of filmingThis season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet.
would be the next best in guy next to Ralph to own a franchise like the
time to get businessmen in DC instead of politicians. Trump for Pres!
China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia, taking advantage of the Ukraine conflictSmart, unlike our leaders.
No matter what the occasion, you always feel confident in abutton down #almostgraduating Great, good luck.
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase,should remain in Buffalo.
I read yourarticle, and reread the old one. #brilliant as usual! So colorful! Thank you!
The biggest winner of Obamas 08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?).
Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities.
would make a winning team as owners of the Bills.Let's do this! Go Bills! #BillsMafia
Word on the street isandare both on #CelebrityApprenticeis that true?YES!
I recently heard you talked and acted like a Billionaire, before you became a Billioanire.Interesting.
I'd Love Donald Trump to buy theand Also run for Our President!#Super Deal #Double #Win Win! Thx.
you buying the bills would be a dream come true! Thank you so much.
you've got my vote for anything. I'm ready to go to work!Thank you.
Thanks for hosting our 5/21 President's DinnerhonoringFounder Fr. Joseph Fessio &amp;
In Hudson Valleycourse has pristine fairways, tour caliber greens &amp; 64 strategic sand bunkers
As much as Buffalo respected &amp; loved Mr. Wilson it would bring excitement &amp; prestige to have Mr. Trump own the Bills.
Int'l course in Scotland. Ian Andrew proclaims the robe the best I've ever worn. That's awesome.Thx
Keep the Bills in Buffalo.can save them. Would be a great NFL owner!
My speech from last Saturdays #NHFreedomSummitvia
in love with your hotel Toronto location
Thank you!
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
as my mentor and some1 I looked up to while in college in buffalo I think you should purchase the team.
Remember, if you dont sell yourself, no one else will. Make sure the public, friends &amp; the business community hears about your success.
An Aussiesuch an amazing place. Well done &amp; happy Easter
I've really come to like- probablybest #CelebApprentice He was smart and tough!
Moscow's bully is no match for Brooklyn's finest. Trump by TKO, any day.
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions?
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.--Steve Jobs
for president, the only quasi-politician who knows anything about how to run stuff.
Absolutely love The Trump in Chicago!The view from the bar is incredible!!Thank you.
Entrepreneurs:Have your own vision and stick with it. Dont be afraid to be unique. Dont tread water--get out there and go for it.
#TBT WrestleMania 23
if Trump is serious about buying the #Bills &amp; keeping them in Buffalo, sign me up. Hes a game-changer.Thx
I enjoyed your speech at the Republican Convention in New Hampshire immensely!Thank you!
I cant save for my retirement anymore. I had to buy health insurance; that I can't use. Was given ONE choice. #NotAChoice!
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still ama wonderful actress.
The best thing that could happen to New York sports is buying the bills Thanks.
love your ties!!
you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. Please buy the bills
Everyone I know in western New York wantsto be the Bills next owner.
Nasty for the middle class, electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past MarchFRACK NOW
The West Coast's most luxurious public coursefeatures spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views
Ifbuys the #Bills, please don't take them out of Buffalo!I won't.
Trump 2016!!!Rocked it on#GOP #president2016Thank you.
I own a few DT ties from Macy's, best ties I ever purchased...good stuff!!Thanks.
when are you starting the second golf course at trump international links #balmedie? No wind turbines.
I'd ratherrun for president than buy our football team.Interesting point!
First night inhotel in Doonbeg. Great location, accommodation and food. I think Donald is onto a winner.
The price of greatness is responsibility. -- Winston Churchill
A very happy, blessed Easter to you, Mr. Trump.Thank you, and you also!
I'll be up the street tonight at Emanu-El. Sending prayers up for your continued success. #trump2016
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. -
we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady! So true!
Al Sharpton said they are even making it more harder to register people to vote. Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
Obama has changed the Census so it will be difficult to measure the effects of O'Care REAL data hidden
Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and dont settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win.
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
no don't buy the #BuffaloBills. Buy the #NewYorkMets #Mets we need a true owner that wants to win!! Please!
I have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties I own that cost $125. At Macy's, great.
I pick the best locations-has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman.
Ifbuys theand keeps them in Buffalo he'll become a legend.
ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts
My favorite part of school is watching the first season of The Apprentice in Business Tech.Great!
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. - Think Like a Billionaire
. - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason, would hurt tourism!
This book im reading byis truly inspiring.Thank you.
I'd love to see you up against Putin. It'd be quite a match!I would win!
RTVIDEO:at #NHFreedomSummit on
Entrepreneurs:Ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
Wind farms are an eyesore all over Scotland...ruining the most beautiful parts of our country. A disgrace! True!
RTStunning hotel! Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago.
Myinterview w/
My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true. -Captain Derek Jeter
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, dont forget they still have Snowden, who has given them (&amp; everyone) massive US secrets.
Dont toss off your problems, and dont dwell on them either. Deal with them!Think Like a Champion
congrats on having 4 of top 5 golf courses in south floridaThank you.
Buying the Bills would be the best thing for not only the team, but for the city of Buffalo!
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate dealsoon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
yrs ago I won the 1st season of the Apprentice..Thank you4 a life changing event
Summer's almost here, update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available
Why aren't you one of the sharks on #SharkTank? You would be awesome on there!! But The Apprentice is much better!
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
Ifdoes buy the Buffalo Bills, they could become a winning team in the near futureThanks.
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender. - Head Coach Marv Levy
just love hearing you speak because you speak the Truth!!Thanks!
buy thewe need proven success.
thanx DJT, ua my inspiration! Happy holidays
I'm all for Donald Trump owning the Bills. Give Trump a chance and watch the Donald, Trump the competition.
Get Snowden back from Russiahe has done tremendous damage to the US &amp; should pay a very heavy price.
you buyingwould be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. Great for them &amp;
Donald, why dont you go out to Nevada &amp; cut a deal for #CliveBundy? No one is a better deal maker than you. Go do it! True!
ViaBY Bill Smith: GOP rally in Manchester fires up party faithful
Donald, you need to promote the GILC, it is a great event and shows off Doonbeg. Best resort I have ever stayed at!
NYC's sole hammam, The Spa atoffers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world
Always fun to read theinvestigative piece rehis mascara and more!
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed
Great interview on #Hannity.Thank you.
I live in NH and will vote for you in 2016!!!Thank you!
RTThe price of greatness is responsibility. -- Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly windturbines dotting Scotland.
Why??? Do you know how difficult storing/harnessing wind generated energy is? Impossible.
Oscar Pistorious, the blade runner, is as guilty as O.J.I wonder if the result will be the same?
Why do baseball players slide headfirst? Are they just, like, not smart?Great point, and also, thank you Peter!
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
Putin May be smart but he doesn't have the Art of the Deal!
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!
ViaBY brings charity golf playoffs toTrump Nat'l/Bedminster
. says he is a member of Dallas National but doesnt play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesnt play?? No talent!
In life you dont get what you want, you get what you negotiate: Donald Trump
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET!
the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career. Thank you.Great!
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
-- Albert Einstein
My interview with WMURsat #NHFreedomSummit
Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
Big thanks to &amp;for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!
playing there this weekend #trumpphillyGreat!
- the Donald has done great all over!!!!!Thank you!
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
Sawtry to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- hes got no talent or strength!!!!
.Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
The only OB-vious candidate for the right. The Don needs to run! It just makes sense.
are you considering running Mr Trump? YES!
It falls second toin my book &amp; it's not near as competitive!So nice, thank you!
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -
Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well!
ViabyTRUMP: I WOULD BUILD A BORDER FENCE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE
Run for President in 2016
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
16 and finished all your books. Awesome. Great--good luck!
I look up to him as he is my idolThank you!
what I wouldn't give to see you as president. Let's save this sinking ship!
I honestly thinkwould fix the mess this country has become.I could and would'
Into our first week of filmingthe Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
Great day at Trump National in Charlotte. You took a good club and made it great. Well done sir.
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Agree that you as Pres would be a great change but I don't think this country can be turned around in 8 years It can be done!
I'm not a golf fan at all. I'd sayis one of the greatest shows on Earth. #Apprentice #CelebrityApprentice
Obama lied when he said you can keep your plan, so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
Love watching ya man...wish you did more on Mondays than just 5 minutes or so though..
Donald, you epitomize what America was and I hope will be again. Hard work and determination equals success.Thank you!
Just heard you're bidding onAs a buffalo native thank you.My honor.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
-- Winston Churchill
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
#TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing Green Acres with Megan Mullally
I was!!! Our caddy Mateo understands customer service... Please recognize him Mr TrumpGreat job Mateo, thanks!
If traveling to the Windy City to celebrate 100th anniversary of Wrigley Fieldis Chicagos #1 hotel
Absolutely! Plz Run! Bring Respect back to the Presidency with integrity &amp; good moral standing!!
Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly!
Heading to Toronto for for a stay at the Trump. I expect it will blow my mind.Great--enjoy!
I visited NYC last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. Greetings from Miami.
Mr Trump, what book should we read second? Never Give Up -- examples of tenacity.
I am democrat and I would vote for you. #trump2016Thank you!
The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho!#mentorThanks.
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
The people of Ireland are very smartthey just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.Arthur Schopenhauer
Beautiful sunset last night from the 18th at #trumpnationalphiladelphia.Great course!
. Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
How long do you think the United States will take to recover from our current administration? A long time, unless I become Pres.
Mr Trump what book of yours do you think I should read first? My first book, The Art of the Deal.
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser. (Donald Trump)
run Mr. Trump run!! Get this country back on track.
I can't wait, have never missed a season.Great!!
The Art of the Deal was the 1st book I read of yours and it was n still is a great read. All of ur books r great reads Thanks
Not to mention Melanie would be a beautiful First Lady. I agree!
just played Blue Monster today. First group off at 8am. Great course!!! Phenomenal service!!!
Good luck to everyone playing thethis week, watch out forat Doonbeg
Congratulations to- I will see you on the show!
wow. #donaldtrump just hit 90 million...great moment for #TBT :
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
PLEASE SAVE THE BILLS FROMAND CANADA #BillsMafiaI will try!
Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
I'd love to see you as President. You can turn this country around! Thanks.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
Sir, your Chicago Hotel is beautiful!Thanks!
Thanks. I'm rewinding it now. Always makes my Monday to hear Trump on Thanks.
Can't wait to seeon #CashinIn tomorrow morning.
.you were great onthis morning&amp; the Gary Player Villa atis a hot ticket.
On the shores of Lake Norman,presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course
Myinterview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment &amp; Freedom Summit.
Of all the fellow celebrities you've met, which do you consider to be the most humble?ME!
Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp; positive message at this Saturdays Freedom Summit in Manchester.
for president! Only man who knows how it actually works in politics!Thank you!
just finished Think Like a Billionaire - again.. brilliantThanks.
Head Pro @ Trump LA, waiters,valet parkers,and complete staff and grounds crew all R class acts..better than Pebble BCH !
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
-- Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurs, keep this in mind:
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
-- Albert Einstein
.What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
Best President during your lifetime? Reagan.
Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly! Yes we do!
#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney,and
As Ive said before,has all of the qualifications necessary to be Real Americas choice for President of the USA!!!
You're definitely going to run just admit it. You would wipe the FLOOR with those clueless academics. #realworldsolutions
even my little one is loving our stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Fabulous Resort! Thanks.
- the Donald has done great all over!!!!!Thanks.
I would vote for him Watch Eric Bolling this morning on Fox
quote you don't have to be ruthless, you have to be smart.
I have spread out my son's shots over the past 5 years. He isfully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in September.Great
ICYMI: Fantastic commercialfeat.&amp; #tombrady Thanks&amp;
I would vote for you because you believe in and love this country like Ronald Reagan &amp; the Founding Fathers did
Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.Donald Trump
we've spread out our son's vaccines as well. He's all set and no ahem came because of it.Great.
the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you Thanks
had a great stay at #trumplasvegasThank you, people love it!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Team Golf Swing Shirt just played at Trump LA with Padraig Harrington -great conditions &amp; a beautiful course
So many people dont understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for childrenjust not in one massive dosespread them out over time.
please buyUpstate NY would love to have you be the owner of our Franchise #prayersforJK Thank you.
I can't believe thatwould waste time and money with- he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
Ummm...I like the sound of President Trump!?!?!Thank you!
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.-- Andrew Carnegie
I like the Donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is! #therealdeal Thank you.
Love taking a drive up A1A and seeing that beautiful Red, White and Blue huge flag blowing in the yard of
Been a long time since CNN was great. Could learn lessons in greatness from you and FOX News. True!
you know what is great about you. You didn't just chase a dream, you envisioned one.Thank you.
Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest. -- Think Like a Champion
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
Excellent taste in Trump Wine. I love Trump red &amp; white!Thanks.
for President! Your the only one who knows how to run this country #TrumpforPres #success #awesomeness
please do our nation a favor and run for president!! #trump2016Somebody good better do that, and fast!
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -- Babe Ruth
Donald you should be President, with Bill O'Reilly as Vice P. You would both fight for the abused kids.
Thanks for being a great role model, it actually motivates me for greatness Terrific!
. one of my favorite musicians- in my office.
Hello Mr.Trump If you were to run for president to show these clowns how it's done you already have my vote
why isntour president. our countries financial stability would be so much more secure.Very true!
I have about 40 of ur ties wouldn't wear anything elseYou have great taste, thanks.
Obama would not have won election if he told truth about Obama-Care..
T, U should replace Dave! You are Funny, Clever, Smart, Handsome,Charismatic, Insightful,Successful..Like He Has A Twin!
Successful people work their asses off to make it, only to be punished by heavy taxes which are then squandered recklessly.
In bed with Donald ;-) Great quality ccThanks - from Sorta!
Mr. Trump, look into buying the mets from the wilpons. They are failing nyc Very sad!
Today in history WrestleMania 23: I shavehair--highest rated show in WWE history
the next Donald Trump! Still marveling at your accomplishments, keep up the good work :)Thank you.
our meembers have voted Trump International Golf Links as one of the best courses in the world!
You would make a great President.If anyone can get us out of debt, it's you sir.Everything you touch turns to gold. Thanks
.Great job in winning your first of many majors. We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
Go for the next President of USA... Lets see the impact for the world ... Great man for great world!
Problem is so many of our leaders aren't really leaders.Help us Mr. Trump before it's too late
I am wearing a trump tie today. It is, by far, my favorite tie. Great - at Macy's!
Watching the Celebrity Apprentice love it. Truly my favorite show #boladagur #gottaloveit Thanks
you are the man plain and simple.Thank you, very nice.
The only human i would trust to be presidentThanks!
Do the U.S. a favor and run for Pres.2016! We need a REAL leader who wont put up w/ shit. Nicely said!
I cross the whitestone bridge regularly...it went from a dump to a masterpeice...God Bless All You Do !Thanks
being rejected by #MLB (Bud Selig) is a good thing A good decision!
6 BILLION $'s goes missing from State dept -Where's the outrage? If u were Prez- they'd find it fast
Just booked my trip to Trump Intnl Golf Links in Aug So excited to play the BestHave fun!
I love your passion &amp; boundless energy. It's fantastic just how tireless u are in your quest for an ideal America
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?
I'm training my employees today wearing a #trumpcollection #tie #shirt feeling good and powerful! Great!
I remember many years ago I hatedbecause the media told me to. I now know he's a true AmericanThanks.
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy!
The signature restaurant of is both a Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant
mac miller pay you yet?? 90 million hits and no payment yet, but he's been dead since Donald T!
do you think Bush Jr. was a good President? No, not even close!
You should go to Wrestle Manina. Its Good for business. Us Fans want you as President
Mr. Trump, your children convinced me you R a class act, standing with the folks in Albany was icing on the cake. Thank You! Thx
If you could do anything to change the world for the better, what would you do?Fire Obama!
I've been cheering u on for many moons. But I'm afraid YOU don't have the passion to ACTUALLY run in '16We'll see.
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center
I may disagree with much of whatsays, but that doesn't mean I think he's a terrible person. Somewhat nice!
I want to work on The Donald's campaign. He is the only candidate worth the energy. #trump2016
mark cuban is a nut. way less powerful than Donald TrumpI agree - also, in many ways, a total loser!
why don't u do it Donald trumpJust watch!
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!
For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
I hear the very ungratefulhas a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
What influenced you to go into politics? It will be the total incompetence of politicians and our leaders!
Ask yourself: What can I learn today that I didn't know before? Always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
If Trump became president he would do an amazing job; if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice, he'd fail.What's your opinion? I agree!
if they had to say yes, who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice? The Pope!
another great evening at MacLeod HouseThank you.
Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing!
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.-- Samuel Johnson
So happy for her too, she played super!She is a great player and a great person!
Thank you so much for supporting a larger Galaxy-like iPhone screen. Even with glasses, current one strains. #AppleTrue.
.Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. Im pushing!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
you got my vote Mr. Trump.... Great!
would bring us back from this messput us in. #RunForPresident #2016True!
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you dont know everything about what youre doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
Thanks Kat!
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
-- Mario Andretti
if you hosted the late show you couldn't run for president. #trump2016That is true!
they've spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane, Donald
I hate what has happened to the once great
u r my role model since i was 18. Now im 22 and working on launching my own company bcz of ur inspiration.
You are the greatest and You can make this nation #1 in the world just as it once was....
hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our Entrepreneurship class Work hard and good luck!
please run for president, you're the best we've got and i will vote for you in 2016.
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant
pure #luxury! #trump does it the best! 1st class service &amp; I've only been here 30min. Staff is amazing! Thanks.
can't wait for the golf course at ferry point in the Bronx to open! ExcitedIt will be great!
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. Aristotle
Chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 (Dec 1st to Mar 31st). Avg temp was 22F
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic.Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
you done good in L.A. They need to play a PGA tourney here... for real! Thanks!
Common sense, guts, smarts, proven leader!what this country needs for president! Retweet if you agree
Heydo you think Les Moonves will give you the Late Show? I would get the best ratings of all!
The Trumps are my favorite public figures. Hands down! Thank you!
Thanks Xena!
was just thinking that! What a boring show! Snooze fest!
No WrestleMania will ever top 23. Donald Trump Vs. Vince McMahon. You are right, it has the all-time record!
Hollywood has unfortunately become a memory. It's nothing but a sign on the side of a hill.Mickey Rooney
was always funny watching you two banter! That will be missed!I agree!
Your parents must have been wonderful people. Thanks for sharing. They were--thanks.
Both your parents were very nice looking.Great photo! Thank you.
nice clock outside the Aberdeenshire golf course! #verysmart Thank you.
Joinand light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
Sunday nights this Spring just aren't the same withoutHow much longer? Shooting now, on in the FALL.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
if POTUS what would you do with Russia right now?All I can say is that they would respect the U.S.
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
Playingaberdeen course tommorow heard its amazing soon find outEnjoy!
One thing abouthe never sugar coats anything...I'm SUREis appreciative, as am I.Thanks John!
you are truly the greatest person Alive!!!! #your #awesomeWow, thanks!
its true, he didn't get his show until after he won the apprentice
Walked in Trump Tower for the first time this week.. Gorgeous (as all your work). Love the Trump experienceThank you.
Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice! Thank you.
Nice picture Donald. I can see where your great looks come from. Your parents did a great job! Thanks.
If u run for president u have my vote Remember that!
Ifretweeted me... I'd prob cry. Your tweets make my day.Don't cry!
enjoying the Toronto property for my first time.Great service from Shane and Ali. Thank you.
. - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!
when I was a kid, there were 8. Now they give upwards of 31-40. It's an assault on the immune system.
doesn't mention Apprentice because his ego won't let him. It's why he failed originally and will fail again
A GIANT THANK YOU TO ALL THE ON THE RECORD VIEWERS at 7pmyou are THE REASON we remain #1 at 7pm!Great going Greta.
is this #nyma ?! Yes.
for president - it's reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes
I've read Art of the Deal a dozen times! Only you can fix this country! That is perhaps true!
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
In spite of the hype it is a great hotel; I was there when it opened a few years ago. Thanks.
Ifran for president I would actually go vote for once! #weneedchange #trumpforpresident Thanks.
or Never give up they're all my favorite though, read them all! Thanks--good luck!
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
Love to see you one on one with Bill Maher without his morons in his audience. He would have no chance!
#TBT For all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father-
Truth look to Southern California ugly white poles with bird killing fans
The Apprentice has started and revived a lot of people's careers.Very true!
your books inspire me, thanksGreat.
Please thankfor his cool note to me supportive of the fight for justice for Joe Paterno.
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!
thank you for stand on child vaccinations. 35yr ago 1 child in 3 counties. Now 3 classes in some schools
your a respected businessman. Why do you deny peoples knowledge about climate change. You mean GLOBAL W
. ~ I WAS THERE whensaid that. More then once by the way. Just saying, it is #FACT #TRUE!
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.-- Pablo Picasso
Edddie24 Mr. Trump is a real American patriot.You have my vote if you ever ran. Thank you.
.Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
It is without a doubt true. Arsenio was a has been that people barely remembered.
To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.
I'm sure they're very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish They were great!
IS THE MAN!! Give us a shoutout for your friends in Ireland Donald!
As a pediatrician I have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years. Thank you for your efforts.
why aren't you president yet?A very good question!
Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation
Wind energy is a destructive force for wildlife.True!
wow wow wow!!!!! Your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just likeTrue!
Donald Trump for president!A very wise choice, thanks!
. - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!
You are spot on with your opinion on vaccinations. Big pharma and big Ag control a lot of misinformation. Great job.
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others.
the most brilliant observation you have ever made. Parents should take your advice
i read your book 'Think Like a Champion'. I'm impressed.. It motivated me very much. Thank you.
any books you suggest for young entrepreneurs? Midas Touch is excellent &amp; written for entrepreneurs.
Please keep fighting. Three in one is a cheap but dangerous solution.
Entrepreneurs:Believe in yourself. If you dont, no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man, that is your strength Thank you.
I think if you run you'll get a lot of people that wouldn't normally vote.....vote for youThank you.
indeed she was Mr.T she also looks like she was beautiful person as wellGreat moms matter they shape who weR Thank you
Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice! Thanks.
I want someone who is liked by half and considered a SOB by the other half - I bet Mr Trump fits that Interesting.
RTRTits #true, he didn't get his show until after he won the True!
#Trump2016 or I'm moving out of the U.SYou sound very smart!
w/ you on those windmills my man!! Waste of $$$, time and other resources.
Entrepreneurs:Another question to ask yourselfWhat am I pretending not to see? There may be great opportunities right around you.
Begging you to run for President. You must save this country. You're the one who can do it. TRUE!
words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! You're the best business man, your tips are precious! Thanks in advance
my only concern w/Trump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms!Very cute!
i haven't read any of your books yet, which one should i start with? The Art of the Deal is a good start.
The Art of the Deal gets my vote. It changed the way I do business. Great!
With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
Thank you for building a beautiful hotel in Vegas that I don't have to cover my children's eyes (or my eyes) when we enter Thx
actually not a rich boy school, NYMA gives a lot of opportunity to inner city youth!
Please run for President and announce it in NH! We need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up! True!
You inspire me.Thanks
I think you would make a great kick butt President!!
.Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!
Do you think your book from 2004, How to get rich can still be a gateway to financial success in today's day of age?YES!
WHAT DONALD TRUMP DID TO BRING BACK ARSENIO HALL AFTER Theon@TRUE
never give up! That's how you make it happen. True!
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
Love this picture and she was a great beauty!Thanks for the private family picture. Thanks.
Would you consider running for pres in 2016?That absolutely could happen. Our country needs help fast!
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy!
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
Obamacare has ruined healthcare. Everyone I know is having a hard time paying their new plans. It costs too much!
SSE slashes offshore wind investmentwants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities
Someone I know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in Dr's office, was autistic after.
Do u have any idea when the new season of #CelebrityApprentice will be on? In the FALL - shooting now!
Trump you inspire me to be successful everyday.Great--good luck!
For Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask yourself What can I provide that does not yet exist?
your Trump Hotel in #Vegas is spectacular. Amazing strip views. Thank you.
RTRT It's why he failed originally and will fail again It's called disloyal!
Sorry, couldn't dothis morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.-- Albert Einstein
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: Never, never, never give up. ...
You also hosted the greatest MMA event of all time... #WRESTLEMANIA... TWICE!!! You are a great American sir.Thanks.
then run for president! !! Sick of the crap going on in the white house.Thanks.
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit.
tweets the best quotes. Perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur. Thank you.
Please run for President, Mr. Trump! The Republican Party desperately needs someone of your qualifications.
AND YOU LOVE WHAT YOU DO.. RUNFOR PRESIDENT. YOU WILL LOVE ITInteresting!
A great sports fan &amp; business man! DT &amp; his son w/George &amp; Billy during Spring TrainingGood memories!
I've had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far. Thanks.
You were 100% on the mark Donald when you said we should have taken some Iraqi oil ... True, now Iran has it.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
Remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
The best investment I made, is the one I didn't make (Donald Trump) #APCCan be very true!
Great advice from my mother: Trust in God and be true to yourself.Mary MacLeod Trump
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world. -- Think Like a Champion
Re Negotiation: Know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from &amp; do not underestimate them.
Thanks Dan
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else. --
Benjamin Franklin
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soonlong overdue.
When will #CelebrityApprentice be back? I miss TV's best reality show!Very soon--shooting now!
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?
. what is ur favorite plane?Boeing 757 and Citation X.
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: Be sincere; be brief; be seated.F.D. Roosevelt
If you're going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchill
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susterentonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
Trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the West. Only one man in America could deal with Putin #Trump2016
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off March.Madness, and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
Come on DT... fly in! You must visit stage 6!#arseniohallshowIt will happen--great going.
Just left TheBuilding in NYC. - beautiful building and very professional.Thank you.
Im voting forto b president of the WORLD n clean up this mess were in!!! And we are truly in a mess!
Listen to my interview withat-
If youve looked over the years,Ive been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China
Thank you to&amp; Sports Illustrated for the really nice piece about me. March 17, 2014 issue
Then you should run for president! I know you could turn this country around.I definitely could (fast)
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresidentCute!
Windmills in western NY State are a complete eyesore. Beautiful views ruined by propellers.
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
Donald. He was a great iconic leader- hoping you can be one for US in couple years too! #Trump2016Thank you.
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive
. Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out--ties, shirts, accessories -- great &amp; going fast!
Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
Robert Slater, who just passed away, was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. He will be missed.
It's tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter. Real leaders lead. Like you Donald!! Please run !! Thank you
It's very important that he fills out his March Madness bracket on SportsCenter while Putin takes over eastern Europe
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
they also kill thousands of birds here in CA.
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
This what we really want in Aberdeen? Wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc.
you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but I'm waiting for the tweet of all tweets trump2016 Thank you
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. --Winston Churchill
you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. Today's world needs a real leader. Thank you!
My understanding is Tim Cook lies awake most nights worrying about what you think about their latest iPhone.True!
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets. -- Midas Touch
trump for office!! He's a good man! I am?
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a regional power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
How long would Obummer last on The Apprentice Donald?#theapprentice No comment.
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. Steve Jobs
Ireland Golf Tourism will givea warm Irish welcome. the Lodge at Doonbeg:Thanks
Lithium ion batteries shouldnot be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Staying at Trump International Resort in Miami. Well done sir. Wish we could stay a couple more days! Great family vaca Thx
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp; China spending?
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!
Finally read The Art of the Deal. Outstanding book and applies to every facet of life #thinkbigThanks
Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #AskTheDonald-
Great advice from my father: Know everything you can about what you're doing. -- Fred C. Trump
man DJ! You are such an inspiration brother. Thanks for being you! Thank you.
I just got one of your Ties such a nice brand. Great! Thx
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
I loveGreat!
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
hey. You are so cool and I'm voting for you in 2016Very nice!
will you please run for the president United States we really need a swift kick in the ass.
for president 2016!!!! Economic genius is what we need !!!!!!
Run for Prez Donald!!! You'll be great!! What America needs!!! Save us from this Marxist!!!!Thank you
I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.Doesnt look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.-- Wayne Gretzky
. is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame.
I played it yesterday and I have to say it was the best golf course I've ever played. Thank you--so true!
The only reality show worth my time is #CelebrityApprentice. Thanks
You need to become president before world war 3 starts!Do not kid yourself, World War III could happen.
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in-
Finally they're filming the celebrity apprentice! Can't wait for the next seasonSoon!
you are a true role model of success. Thank you for being my inspiration #Trump2016Thank you.
That's why we need you in 2016.
President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.-- Winston Churchill
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
#Trump2016we need youThank you.
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC, luxury villas situated byTrump Intl Golf Links Dubai
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.--John Wooden
Watched his speech yesterday...pathetic. Carter-esque, weak. His delivery is so cautious not to offend, absolutely zeroTrue!
also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented? BOTH!
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again.
-- Henry Ford
Wow, the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at Trump Park Avenueeach one = $100,000 per month
Hopefully your breakfast is with your 2016 pres exploratory committee #2016 Hopeful
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
-- Albert Einstein
this manis a very wise man. Hate to say it but its true
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a masterpiece by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney, won't you?
What a fantastic test of championship golf. Congratulations to Team Trump on a superb result all roundBest
Awesome speech! You can watch it here:Thank you!
JUST IN:A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyers remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
Joinand light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
Thought your show would never return. What is start date. #CelebrityApprenticeStart shooting next week!
please run for president. America needs you
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb!
If you run you got my vote. You know how to run business and grow it. That's what our country needs. Thanks.
The Blue Monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. It is more than just a Masterpiece - it is Immortal
Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope! Thx.
Thanks Sasha!
LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING ON THE MONSTER SOON!!! SO WHAT IS THE DONALDS BEST ON IT?? EXCITING LOOKING COURSE!!
Congrats toandI really enjoyed being therethe response was so terrific!
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.
-- Gary Player
great speech yesterday. Trump/Cruz 16 Thank you!
You may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 Presidential election. Please consider. I will!
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
-- Benjamin Franklin
My take from #CPAC2014:speech was better than
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, I've never seen a great course that was easy!
Awesome speech!He tells it like it is! Great speech! Thanks!
Mr. Trump, just returned from Chicago &amp; staying at your hotel. Amazing experience. Your people are the BEST
Somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. Somebody tell Kerry to take DT with him to negotiate the Russian surrender.
course is beautiful. I played there in 2012.
Elite Traveler &amp; the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World #TrumpChicago
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonderratings are going down the tubes.
. officially confirms onthis morning-- Miss USA pageant will be coming to Baton Rouge in June.
The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience. --Midas Touch
I love all of your books very helpfulThanks, good luck!
you are my hero man, keep doing what you are doing.Thank you, I will.
Mr.trump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse. It is real sad now...
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -- Mike Ditka
going there for my honeymoon in October. Can't wait Great!
don't run for governor go for the White House!!! #TrumpIn2016
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th.USA.
The massive Blue Monsteris getting rave reviews. I built it in one yearno easy feat!
#BlueForBen BEN, GET WELL SOON - YOU HAVE MANY FRIENDS!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
-- Thomas A. Edison
when does celebrity apprentice start- spring is in the air, so I know it must be soonShooting in 2 weeks.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. -- Benjamin Franklin
Mr Trump, please consider the presidency rather than NY Gov race. The country is a mess.
So excited for tomorrow to head to #NewYork to tour #Trump Tower! I am so looking forward to meeting
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world. -- Think Like a Champion
Yep, what a rough day.. I betloves the leaderboard looking like a U.S. Open.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for his win yesterdayThe new #BlueMonster lived up to its nameThanks Joe.
Putin has eaten Obama's lunch, therefore our lunch, for a long period of time. -VERY TRUE!!! #TeaParty
BEST on Mkt! We've rented these amazing homes forever! Sales too. 2 highest apt rentals '13Thx Dolly
Having role models likeandis the best thing in life! They set standards &amp; we can follow Thx.
Wharton baby!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
You may loveyou may hate him, but you have to appreciate how he handles an annoying sand gnat like Matt Lauer
is in my psychology book from the 90's and still looks the same. #NotHumanThanks.
The road to success is always under construction.
-- Arnold Palmer
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation
You guys are Amazing! The 2014 is #EPIC!
Otherworthy people were taken off thelist as well. Stupid poll should be canceledno credibility.
Dont think your more than donald trump...he is the best #betterthanyouThanks!
only deal should be Presidential Deal....hurry.We need help fast!
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them. Anonymous
Not sure what was more impressive today....Tiger Woods making 8 birdies or your golf course.
Thanks!
for president #greatmanThank you!
loved you on Today!! Your were great!!!Thank you!
tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in Doral. App works effortlessly, is easy to use to book rooms Unlike ObamaCare
shuts down NBCsPutin has eaten Obamas lunchHe's a spineless coward.
you are just smarter and better preparedSo true!
Reasons why I lovehe isn't afraid to speak his mind and call people outTrue!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
-- Abraham Lincoln
Congratulations tofor the two top rentals in 2013! #TIRNYC
You rock....ditch the haters, and keep speaking the truth. They just don't like what they hear!
Have passion, drive, and enthusiasm? You can check out thecareers here:
Ive been watching very littlelatelythe good news is Im switching over to and
When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city, great hotel.#TrumpToronto
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.-- Aristotle
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is the best course I've ever played
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
Keep fighting the good fight. You speak the truth. Trump 2016!!!
I love taking lawsuits all the way when Im right. is finding that out the hard way!
Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude, work and luck.-- Think Like a Champion
.As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
-- Mark Twain
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, &amp; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff!
Black politicians are in prison based on Shirley Huntleys statements but not whiteRACISM!
best part of #theoscars so far is readingtwitter account I agree!
. The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday atis&amp;#DCBound Thanks.
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
DAMAC releasing today - Trump Estate in #DubaiBeauty and Style!
Thank youTrump Charlotte is a beautiful place#GoFlashes
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
but my new trump ties rock!!! That's true!
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!#Oscars.
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
Donald Trump was the best part of the 2014#Oscars
By popular(extremely) demand, I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
So true. Ellen is a train wreck
I'm skipping Cap. Hill meetings to make it to your #CPAC2014 speech! Any hints on the topic??
- Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.!
please help a NY 2 yr old boy beat cancer.
They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars
you did a great job at the Oscars, despite whatis saying! Oscars sucked, Ellen off her game!
Ha I didnt have to watch the #2014Oscars thanks for keeping me updated
The best ending to the #Oscars would have beensaying You're Fired
Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars
Thank God it's over!
I wish I was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars
is really not liking the Oscars. He tells it the way it is, which would be a nice in a president. #trump2016
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
run for president please.
Just terrible! #Oscars
Very exciting week forI will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars
; Based on the photos and articles I've read,It's BeautifulThank you!
Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer hot
Most don't know the Chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the US dollar.They will screw us as long as we allow!
is my favorite celebrity/business man, please run for president we need someone competent So true!
If you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
You inspire me to keep going on every day
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
your tweets make my day your awesome Thanks!
When do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency?We shall see!
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
Obama just stated he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp; Harvard?
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
Thanks Colleen!
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week
.
Congrats Mr. Trump on makinglist of wealthiest in the world. Thanks!
- Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
is on point with his tweets about the #oscars tonight. Hilarious!
What is he reading? #Oscars
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
hahahaha Mr. Trump you're epic see you in Toronto in May at the Canadian International :)
. It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
New York Magazine just named the most influential tweeters in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually, I'm easily #1!
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
I love how you handle the haters You mean the haters and losers!
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr offor the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
I think thewas far too nice to sleazebagHes got plenty more to worry about!.
Just readMidas Touch cover2cover. Tons of notes forthank you &amp; Robert too! Thank you, good luck!
your tweets made my night
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
Get in, get it done, get it done right &amp; get out - Donald Trump Actually, told to me by my father, Fred Trump.
Only 1 solution for the Oscars, Trump as host
is the man So true!
. Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
You are the most negative person I've ever followed.Thank you!
Goes toBest tweets of the night. #Oscars
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
thoughts on Ukraine? Plz run for President so we can have real leadership for US!
Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
. and his incredible wifedid a fabulous movie,see it!
why the fuck do I even follow you? Because you're addicted to genius, asshole!
great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius! Thanks, it was a lot of fun
Charlie, sounds good to me!
Lightweightphony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the courthes a loser!
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars
thanks for a memorable oscars! #OscarsNo problem.
Hahahais killing it with the #oscars tweet.
Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
You need to run for President. This country needs you. #Trump2016 zip. I know!#Oscars
The World is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club.
Just received my order ofbrand ties in the mail today. Sharpest looking ties on the market. Thanks!
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
TRUMP-PAUL 2016 ?
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!
Ifwas president, middle class would make more $. I honestly think he could keep Jobs in America! So true-easy
if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question! Thanks.
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
If Donald Trump was President of the USA am sure negotiations on the crisis in Ukraine would be moving forward now
I think you could have directed a better oscars mr. Trump #oscars MUCH BETTER!
The opening of theVilla at trumpdoral
You've won me over. Great job tonight. I'm not trying to win anyone over, it really sucks! #Oscars
I'm holding off on forming an opinion on the Ukraine situation until I hear what Donald Trump has to say about it. Very smart!
hi Donald genius
words of wisdom from the pro himself!!!! Inspiration!!!&lt;3Great!
Is apprentice coming back on the air? #donaldforpresident YES, start shooting in two weeks - SEASON 14!
Trump Tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the NEW YORK skyline. #IloveNYThank you.
.Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
If Donald Trump is our next president, America will be saved-ith and all will be well in the world. Amen and alleliuaTrue!
should be president. He could get things DONE.That is so true!
Congrats to Charlesfor his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
Success tip:Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
You are an amazing inspiration. Ignore the haters. I do (as much as possible!).
As a Dutchess County resident, that is the absolute truth! It's a course and facility to be proud of, Mr Trump! Thank you.
how do you feel about Kevin O'Leary from shark tank? Reminds me of you. But I have much more money &amp; hair
Wow, NY Observer story aboutreally exposes him as a sleazebag &amp; crook. Hes bad for New York.
this looks epic! I need to play this course!!It is great!
you're seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much. We shoot in 3 weeks - GREAT CAST!
please run for president. This country needs your wisdom.I agree, thanks!
Have u all seen the Trump episode of mighty planes? Its very cool how professional the captain/pilot is! The plane is 1of a kind!
Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.#Trump2016
what is the secret behind your success? Good ideas and concepts but, beyond everything, I NEVER QUIT!
You've done the same thing at Doral Mr. Trump. Congrats Thank you.
come play Trump's course at The Point in Charlotte NC! You won't be disappointed!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
when and if you run, you will be my first president that I vote for in my life!#trump2016
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
#Trump2016
Mr. Trump, in a nutshell, what is my best course of action to succeed? Great ideas and hard work!
rebar at Trump International Chicago is awesome.
thanks Donald for the biz tips... Really have me feeling like I can go do this!! Great ideasTerrific!
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here:
I would endorsein a presidential run &amp; would guarantee he could create fast economic growth in a year.Thx
Entrepreneurs:Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
please save this country Mr. Trump, going to take a business genius to clean up Obamas mistakes. You got my vote!
Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week! Thx Sergio, u will do great next week, see u then
Best Course in the World#trumpinternational
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
-- Samuel Johnson
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
. has never once said that he didnt ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same timedropping it from U.S.!
Mr Trump,you were created for our generatonWow!
If you run for POTUS. You will WIN! Just think about that.Thank you.
You're a true inspiration and leader. You would make an excellent POTUS!Thanks.
. Thank you for all of your support, you have been amazing!
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
. why didn't you just add Be sure to tune in to NBC this Fall for the Apprentice? A very good point!
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that we're in the problem solving business.So true!
#Syracuse is about to be a little more lively,to visit for Republican fundraiser Looking forward to it!
.#America needs you Donald. If you don't run I'm afraid for the future generations.
Conservative leader Al Cardenas describesas a true patriot./AM Great.
I find myself constantly thinking about MOMENTUM thks to you.Keep giving great advice, we are listening.O.K.
Love playing the Links in Scotland! GORGEOUSThank you.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big? -xXx
saw this today from a few hundred feet! Very impressive building! Thanks!
He'll never run, can you really imagine Trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust? I' ve done worse!
Disappointed thearticle ondid not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley.
I'm one of them. You'd be an excellent president.
proud to have you 3 on our side ! Thank you.
this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economics/finances. #TrumpForPOTUS
You know, America, whether you like him or not, Trump was 100% correct on this one.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.-- Aldous Huxley
if u run 4 #POTUS that's the only way I'll vote republican. Pls consider running. U'd be g8t!!!n Thanks
Had a meeting with an ex Trump employee yesterday who went on for hrs about how good &amp; nice you are to employees. So cool.
R the rumors true Mr. Trump? R U running 4 Pres. We need a smart person in the White House.
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!
I think you should run for president. So do many others - thanks! You have my vote
I think you should run for president. So do many others - thanks!
I'm hearing #TrumpNationalDoral course looks spectacular! Miami is waitin for you!
If donald trump runs for president I will be beyond happy...if he wins I will be beyond, beyond happy So nice, thanks!
Lightweightis driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
To aspiring entrepreneurs:Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
for president- and some ignorant fools don't understand I am campaigning for him_ dead heads--
Just did final purchase on fabulousin Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting!
not only would you be an amazing President, you would be the only one that can give America it's balls back!
the Country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out China. DT for P!True!
Wearing my Trump shirt to school tomorrowGREAT!
. - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
To aspiring entrepreneurs:Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in #palosverdes tomorrow with my daughters! Great!
Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!
You're brilliant!I know, but thanks anyway!
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article:
Entrepreneurs:Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Watching a program aboutprivate 757 definitely the Ferrari of the sky......beautifulThank you.
RTSuccess tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
for POTUS 2016/ for FLOTUS!! I can tell you with certainty, she would be great!
Congratson fantastic article--when B writes so nicely about you, it really means something.
if you run for president in 2016 you would have my vote !
Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
I've been the first one to favorite three of Donald trumps tweets and I'm pretty proud. Great!
Looking forward to meeting you at #CPAC2014#askhardquestionsGreat!
To aspiring entrepreneurs:Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
Great minds have purposes; others have wishes. --Washington Irving
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr offor the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
If you run sir you have my vote!!! #trumpforpresident Thanks.
Mr Trump it's called Envy. Easy as that. But so much $$ is raised for charity.
or buy my books, or chocolate, or water, or my clothing line. And make me money, dopey!
We need you and Giuliani in Whitehouse. We need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! And your creativity.
#Trump2016 and that's all i'm going to say! Thanks!
Michael Savage: Donald Trump Is The Only Republican That Can Beat HillaryThank you Michael!
jealous you got a magnificant course like Doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world. FACT.
is my role model. One of the best Americans out there. Thank you Mike.
Internal polling shows that I would swamp in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But wont run if party is not unified.
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!True, thx
Individual commitment to a group effortis what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
-- Vince Lombardi
best advice from the best leader
I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs.should be thankful.
hotel looks great, can't wait to build something just as epic Good luck!
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year withthat he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
Scotland's loss for being short sighted.Wish you every success with the new club. Thank you.
. can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time.
Your Country needs you~~Donald Trump~~ Your about the only one in The World; That can get us out of debt! Thank you!
Monday I lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you ALWAYS exceed your customers expectations Thx.
RTI never did a day's work in my #life. It was all #fun. -- Thomas A. Edison
I definitely agree with really hope you will run for President! Thank you!
One of the great places on the planet,and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!
.I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be Fired.
Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didn't cause it. We cannot change it.
A dishonest slob of a reporter, who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife, wrote a foolish &amp; boring Trump hit
Spectacular! Please keep up the good workThank you.
Ignore them Mr. Trump. Don't waste your time. Sounds like a personal problem for them. LOSERS!
Amazing story inabout the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevantCONGRATS!
I'd vote forin a heartbeatThanks.
Congrats on adding the beautiful West of Ireland to your golf club portfolio. You have lifted the country!
Trump National Hudson Valley is a gorgeous course. Amazing improvements.Thx
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
I wonder how much money dumband even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
A legitimate article about me...
The Art Of The Deal byis one of the greatest books ever!Thank you!
Valentine's Day and wife's 40ththis weekend!! Great.
Donald trump is paid 1.5 million per hr of every speaking engagement
let the haters hate, Mr. Trump. Love my new Trump tie from#trump2016 Great!
Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp;are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported.
i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super
My wife and I stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful, but the service is outstanding. Thank you.
Thank you to Jeffrey Lordfor his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant
Hey Donald will ur new Irish Golf Course be close to Shannon Airport ?Yes.
Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled bymoron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD.
Thank you to Matt Boyle for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger&amp; irrelevant
When will we know the cast for the next season of #celebrityapprentice? Very soon.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing.- Donald Trump #Passion
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
Will you be coming to Doonbeg ??Yes, very soon.
what the date of celebrity apprentice I'm excited to see itStart shooting in 3 weeks.
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third ratesite &amp; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.
My friendwas fantastic on thethis morninga star!
.
Gaming in Miami will be incrediblebest in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens.
Never said it, a total misquote.
A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami.
How come discredited reporterrefused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!
Can't wait for #CPAC because of I look forward to it also.
Been following you since your book Art of the Deal. Thank you for your words of wisdom &amp; insightsThx.
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated thatshould never have released the terrorist - BAD!
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
I totally agree! The brain the Don has is so inspiring! I've loved him for years!Thanks!
inspires me. Every day.Thank you.
you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you This country needs you badly. Thx
I dont care how old it is, I will always get so pumped up when I listen to Donald Trump. Really nice (sort of?)!
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot!Welcome! Thank you Sharon!
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and alert every single day.
is the real deal, he is the man! Thanks!
It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
my wife and I stayed there for our anniversary.Beautiful place,amazed that all the staff remembered our name
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. -- Henry Ford
I wear a suit everyday to be professional but I top it off with a #trumptie to say I'm on top of my game and successful.
the majority of people near the course fully support it. Problem is a vocal minority (Scotland).
Excited for #CPACtrue inspiration to many Americans Thank you.
I think it'd be cool ifran in 2016. He'd get my vote Great!
Jesus would be so proud of you Donald...
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
Hi, Don't know why it took me so long to follow you.Welcome to Ireland looking forward to visit your new Golf Club
When will the PGA tour be coming to Trump National? March 5th.
Donald trump is still my favorite Mac Miller trackMac has certainly done well with me! How many hits now on Twitter?
In aiming at #Trump, #BuzzFeed shot its own credibility.Thanks Jeffrey L
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
I readcomments that the lights are dimming on gambling in Floridanothing could be worse for the state.
. sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi, who blew up Pan Am #103, killing all aboard. I said no way!
Sadlywas correct about South Africa - the level of violence is irrepressible
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
-- Thomas A. Edison
hope one day we'll be honoring you on Presidents Day.So nice!
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea andPakistan already has them!!
was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! Can I get a RT??
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!
Please do the same thing for the Whitestone Bridge! Thanks Donald Trump! I will try!
Scotland could be on the verge of a new generation of hydro powerNow this would be GREAT!
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing, ugly wind turbines.
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) ofis a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
For the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primarythen go against 3-1 Demsis insane.
.Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FLtheyre afraid of Miamicant believe their luck!
did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility ofand the very dumb Ben Smith.
Actually, I like you!
#BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the
welcome to Clare! Thank you!
why are you not running for president in 2016 We'll see what happens!
I have that many Trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me I have what it takes Thanks
Donald J. Trump If Mr.Trump will not run in '16, Christie is the answer. No B/S, no bowing!
Trump lays out big plans for Doonbegresort: Billionaire says investment shows Irelands economy recovering
highest rated wine in VA,uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines
you're one of my idols, from age 15 I read your books, at 18 I started my company. Thanks Great!
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
Donald wins again with the best brain break tweet (Aristotle quote). Thanks and back to work. Thank you.
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.Think Like a Billionaire
I wonder if NBC will have #RachelMaddow interview Donald Trump before the Olympics?Would get GREAT ratings!
Oh hey I saw bill o'reilly at a mets game once with Donald trumpwill do great today with interview of O!
Wind energy is a complete economic disaster.
To Jamie DimonI love kicking lightweightass. Stop settling and fight!
A great time was had by all atGary Player Villa opening.
Our clubhouse facility &amp; suites in Ireland #TrumpIreland
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY
Let's hope the press covers the loss foras they did the false charges! Thanks.
ViabyDonald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCareJob Killer
I agree with you about how people are mocking Russia and their efforts. Only going to hurt us in long run.
President Obama should visit Macy's and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties.
W/ views of NYC's skyline, Trump Stamford is Connecticuts most luxurious high rise, featuring Trump amenities
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
Let's see if MSM reports it w/the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation. Thanks
Please Mr. Trump, puton your show #CelebApprentice?He would do great!
Looking forward to being hosted byErie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait.
How does frumpy &amp; little readeditorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant!
Just be tough, be strong, be willing to learnand you will learn. Dont be afraid of mistakes or setbacks.Think Like a Champion
Never learned so much from one book, you are a capital genius and people are just ignorant. Thx.
Via talks family and business
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.
congrats on your purchase in Ireland. How do I apply to work there? Write to manager Joseph - good luck!
True and thanks!
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarilychange the law before an election?
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweightgot the news!
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCareElections have consequences.
Rio de Janeiro joins thein 2016. Its going to be a spectacular hotel!
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.
Remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.Think Big
RIGHT ON! Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. Thanks Dolly!
Thanks Kasey!
For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. -- Aristotle
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly STUPID things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
Article from The Street--The Donald's Trump Card: Himself
Chance favors the prepared mind.
-- Louis Pasteur
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon.
Mr. Trump, it's commendable that you have over 2.5 million Follows....Thank you.
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work. - Think Like a Champion
If Scotland doesnt stop insane policy of obsolete, bird killing wind turbines, country will be destroyed.
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!
The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly. -Theodore Roosevelt
with Wrestlemania coming up, any chance of renewing your rivalry with#YoureFired Ask Vince!
My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
i am now a big believer inTHINK BIG strategies....
True. I read it - great book, Mr. Trump.Thanks.
looking forward to playing Trump National LA on Tuesday with Padraig Harrington !Say hi to PADRAIG!
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
Congratulationson your legal victory.Thanks!
But nobody asked-a great school!
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot!
Thehad a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
--Thomas A. Edison
Experience, knowledge, and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them. - Think Like a Champion
Donald Trump would be the most ideal President Thank you!
46 stories above downtown New York,features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa
can u please wish me a happy birthday! I'm a big fan! Thank you. Happy Birthday.
In 2016, the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination, Trump Int'l Washington DC
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Trump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviews via
Congrats on your win. Never considered you would not win enjoy you every Monday on foxThank you
Thecomes to Miami on March 6th when thereturns to See you there!
Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable, expandable, predictable, and financeable.Midas Touch
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
-- Benjamin Franklin
. stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy!
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my twitter it is a total scam!
Make it special!No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than
Viaby mboyle1: EXCLUSIVE - DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED TO SPEAK AT #CPAC2014
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
-- Steve Jobs
Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive. - Think Like a Champion
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
For information on Trump University victory, call Alan Garten, Esquire, at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman, Esquire, at 212.867.4466.
'--tremendous victory in Trump University case vs. lightweightgot the news!' Saw this coming Thx
Massive record settingsnowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -- Thomas A. Edison
Lightweightjust got his ass kicked by Trump!
Go to the website for the Judge's full decision re Trump University:
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp; NY Republican County Committee. Wonderfulpeople!
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
My sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal!
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didnt kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.
Thanks Dan.
Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs, security, and well-being for others. - Midas Touch
Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning.-- Think Like a Champion
My day was made when I read that you will be speaking at my first #CPAC!I hope you like it!
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016 Happy Birthday.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
Is there enough room forandegos in NYC at the same time? YES!
when you going to be our new POTUSOnly time will tell - thanks!
Please Mr.Trump America needs someone like you to help our country. Trump 2016 for President. Thank you!
been listening to&amp;for years.Theinterview today is an all-timer, sensational
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 -Enjoy!
Mike &amp; Mike in one minute!
Trump Int'l is one of the best golf courses I have ever played &amp; that is saying something True, thx
Honored to be named as one of businesss Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels by Vote Trump!
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
Thanks to everyone for your support onTop Leaders, Icons and Rebels vvThanks for voting Trump!
Named my first born son afterHope he lives up to the name!He will be a total winner!
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, &amp; worse care. Job killer!
You're never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
When will you come to my home-country India to see the progress of Trump Towers in Pune? Very soon!
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
you are the most influential man in the world. Andis a close second after tonight's game
is the best choice for NY, it's time for a real leader in NY again. #NYGOP Thanks.
I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. -Donald Trump #BeEpic
You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself. -- Think Like a Champion
#Trump4PrezThank you!
Great day yesterday at unveiling the new Gary Player VillaGary is a champion and a great guy.
Welcome to the new reality! Moodys just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art. A. Warhol
People often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
Can't wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union.
I'm inspired by people all the time. People like my parents, grandparents, and yes,the guy is smart.
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for
If you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will? - Think Like a Champion
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better.
Excited for tomorrows Politics &amp; Eggsco-hosted by&amp;Live stream here
Tell it like it is Sir. Don't pull any punches. Keep up the good work. I will, thanks!
thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..I like to.learn from the bestThank you!
When? If it was before today, you're good. If you sold it today, not that good... I sold it last week!
is our future. Only he can turn our country around. #TRUMP2016
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Great piece byon my visit tofor&amp;Politics &amp; Eggs
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
Remember when comedian Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
sadly, HBO had no morals and gave that garbage another show BOYCOTT HBO!
is my inspiration to be great Work hard and smart!
90 stories over midtown New York, Trump World Towers glass curtain wall is a true landmark
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.Albert Einstein
Withandat the opening of theVilla at
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it. - Mark Twain
.....may be the only person on the planet that can beat Hillary.
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers onThanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife-- a truly great decision by me!
Donald Trump for President? That would be so awesome! Nice!
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a largeriPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Now the UN is attackingfranchiseWith all the world's problems, is this really a top priority?
The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States. -
Hope &amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
Obama said in his SOTU that global warming is a fact. Sure, about as factual as if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Press conference at the opening of theVilla at.
It was great being onin the Morning (ESPN)two great guys, fantastic show!
via WSJ. Wake upbefore you destroy Scotland.
Even in Australia you're an inspiration!Thanks!
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro, our first South Americanhotel set to open in 2016
Success rule-Surround yourself w/successful people. Do it with twitter. Follow Trump=Success.
if you were president Mr.Trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in?Many things
Sherman has great respect for you Mr. Trump.
When times are difficult, you must be even more focused. Thats when you will find profitable opportunities.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
-- Thomas A. Edison
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont)
Don't forget. Global warming can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!
run for president please
Just leftwhat an amazing spot.and his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself #doral
. YOURE A GOD DAMNED GENIUS TRUMPI agree, thanks!
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember, its only business and there will always be another day!
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right.Henry Ford
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
Timeless Classic.So nice!
Thereturns toon March 6thWatch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster!
Next president of the U.S.
I really look up tohis work ethic is great! Continuing to work hard and to work smart
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016. A New Era Of Prosperity FOR ALL......True, and it would be easy!
Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
It all starts at Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!
Can only try to be as successful as the#GetKatapultedWork hard!
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
What's obvious to you seems to elude most people's vision.
we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation!SO TRUE!
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable.
Finally,Punta del Este will have its own Trump Tower! Missedthis year and hope to see you in the opening!
where can I get these ties ?and Trump Tower.
Trump's a strong leader. Letterman is a weak, passive, insecure person. Thanks, but he is good!
In all honesty ifwould enter into politics I'd be his number 1 supporter, even though I'm in liberal #NC
someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!!Thank you!
continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrews legacy lives on.
I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!
Absolutely amazing. Still not sure about running for Pres. Mr. Trump?? lol The world loves you. Thanks!
Wow DonaldTrump for pres...America prepare for exceptional Greatness. Cheers Thanks.
Thanks Ted, see you at the show!
you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business.
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
I have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollowon a daily basis You can't live without it!
Understand that difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
long time admirer.Want to buy one of your books for a friend.Any suggestions?The Art of the Deal is a good start.
a retweet today = a new tie purchase from Macy's tomorrow.
Just finished another great Trump book, one more to goGreat!
Ifruns for president he has my vote Thanks!
Watching Gates on- looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
You are an inspiration and I admire your honesty, perseverance and business sense. Thank you.
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT AND STRAIGHTEN THINGS OUT.There is plenty to straighten out!
#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
For great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert.
why don't you buy your own team? You'll be the best owner ever!Thanks.
I've read 3 books from&amp; the best advice is in all three. Do something you're passionate about.Great.
- the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work!
Did you know your picture is on here?! You were so cute omg!
You are a big inspiration to me Mr.Trump. I'm 24,Ugandan.When I make it,I will call my first business In D.J.Trump we Trust
Always inspiring me to be my personal best! I appreciate it.
Catchon Fred Dicker'sradio show Tuesday at 10AM re: the governor's race. LISTEN LIVE:
I think a show on Fox w/Donald Trump would be something to look forward to. Agree
I'm a big fan. We just got a Trump mattress and it's great, like I knew your brand would be. From Serta!
No, we need a great businessman.
how would you describein one word?Magnificent!
only you know the truth Donald!!! Please run for president, only you can save the #USA
Sending warm wishes to our dear friendon her birthday today! Happy birthday, Holly!
Wearing mytie today. Gonna be a great day. #confidence #wishihadfiveofthem Great!
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
I would like to thank a great writer and person,of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
Definitely a great book! Think like a Champion, to be a Champion!Thanks.
Looking forward to hearing you speak at the Starkey Expo on Thursday10 AM/ Las Vegas/Great!
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
I get my inspiration for what I do everyday from you.So nice, thanks!
please run for president Mr. Trump! The country needs fixing and you're the best man for the job!Thank you
#tbt #throwbackthursday
Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character. - John Wooden
New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
Rising over Bay Street,brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City
what an amazing spot. Donald Trump &amp; his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself Thx
The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
Out of all the celebritiesis the only one that speaks the truth. We need more leaders like him!
do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you?? Yes.
leader Ed Coxs record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
It's my 30th B Day today, and a reply from you would be the best gift ever?Happy Birthday
Would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever!!! #followtheleader
Wow, just heard that that next TuesdaysPolitics &amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - Michael Jordan
Enjoying my stay at the beautifulThanksfor bringing Trump to Panama! I love that hotel!
Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly
Lightweightis fighting withCuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history-
It's my birthday and what a wonderful gift if I could get a retweet from such an inspirational man :-) Happy Birthday
U are one of the most gifted personalities today. Keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts Thank you.
Trust me, I have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic!
I believe you as all your Children are poised, respectful and genuine. Good job :)Thanks Roxane!
As presidentwould surround himself with Great People. .. no more mediocrityTRUE!
is the man!! Huge inspiration Thanks!
true inspiration to many people including myself #StriveForGreatness
my family is going to Hawaii &amp; I told them to go toI told them that yours' are the best!
Thanks for the positive words of wisdom!
Looking forward to being hosted byfor Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics
I'll be just like you one dayYou can do better than that!
To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
We need someone like orhimself for President in 2016! Thank you!
good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in Aberdeen ?? #scotlandRecord business!
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!
this guy has got good stuff, your the man Trump, 130am and I'm up reading your book,
Gabriel Shermans book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
A-Rods lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweightDoes Eric wear eyeliner?
I'm a Yankee fan &amp; I agree whole heartedly. He aint worth it never was . TRUMP 2016!Great, thx.
Trump needs his own Late Night Show!
begged you 3 years ago to run for pres....2016 is America's last shot before descent into darkness...consider it now.
Can't wait 4 TrumpDC RTThanks Michael, it will be the best -keep up the great work!
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
Senate concludes Benghazi could have been prevented
so ready for another #celebrityapprentice I love love that show!
andwho I like, are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together!
amen. Youre an American #Hero Thank you so much!
Great article byJeffrey Lord: The Reagan Revolution. And now theRevolution?
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
Trump National will be a very special PGA event 2014
my family and I stayed atlast weekend. It was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside!GREAT!
best reality show on TV. Love the challenges
I think americans know that You would be a great President..no possibility for the others Thanks!
BRAVO!!!Thank you.
ViaDonald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom
I'm 22... my companyowns $6 million worth of multi-family properties... I started because of you... any advice?Great
my Donald Trump tie is my prized possession in my closet!Great!
Im 22 (I own) my companyI started because of you any advice? Give me 10%(kidding)
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL.
I can't wait for this year. I never miss Apprentice! Show and cast will be amazing!
A beautiful addition to my city's skyline and great dining!! Thanks for making Chicago more beautiful than ever!! Thank you.
where would NBC be without the apprentice? You make the TV Network Mr. Trump
Has it been more than you ever expected? Far more and far better!
happy new year, Mr. Trump. Who was your role model before you became successful?My father, Fred Trump.
Thank You For Inspiring This World. No, thank you!
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
ViabyTrump To Visit New Hampshire
if you run for president, you'll get my vote. Along with every one I know Thanks, so nice!
I'd give anything for you to be our President. You have my vote and all of my families and friends too!!NICE
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Why didnt Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
You got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy #trump2016
See, I told you God wanted you to be president, he's had me praying for you about it y many years. .Wow, so nice!
Will you ortry to be president of the united states? You could be a great president.Thanks.
Thank you for being a strait shooter. You are an inspiration to all of us young business owners. Thank you!
Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and its time Alex Salmond manned up, stopped blaming Westminster (cont)
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
fantastic point of view, 95% of uk would agree with you there
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass. - Think Big
Please,go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings, but its actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
Looking forward to hosting theHouse Majority 2014 Golf Tournament at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all controlso sad.
celebrity apprentice is truly a great show. Great cast every season!
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
With this cast u will have the #1 show on TV! Fans are excited! Can you confirm? Justin,thanks-will be great
. predicts thatis Golf's greatest builder today. #BlueMonster #Aberdeen #FerryPoint
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldnt, but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Salmond is on a one man crusade to destroya Brilliant Union &amp; his u turn on your investment is a disgrace! Thx
respect your tweets I listen and share with my kids Thanks Bob.
Congratulations Mr. Trump. We have enjoyed ever season and look forward to this next season. So entertaining!Thanks!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
Love the Apprentice!!!
Out of all the famous people on twitter, the only one I see tweet regular people is#Greatguy
that's awesome! #Trump4President #TRUMP2016
Just hit a million on Facebook-
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
u would definitely be our best looking president ever :)Thank you, very nice!
One of the world's tallest buildings,is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?
we love the Trump Chicago. Great place to live and visit.Thank you.
In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
You should get a show on FoxNews! With your brilliant &amp; independent mind I think your show would surpass the
Got to love the Monday segments byon Fox &amp; Friends. Never miss it. It's not Monday but worth a mention!
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
untila proven job creator &amp; inspiration for the common man
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Please run for President,everyone will vote for you.Oh yeah and buy the Mets, They'll be 162-0 every year
Happy BirthdayI always look forward to reading your advice..Great!
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats.
The Apprentice is a great show! never tired watching it!Thank you.
Donald why the hell don't you run for President. Business genius unlike#2016
happy Birthday to one of my most admired men!!! Like a fine wine Mr. Trump Have a great Birthday! THANKS!
Onlycould help this country out of the hole it's in. #Trump2016
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
I bought a couple beautifulties attoday. Guaranteed to look sharp this week.
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
can't sleep thinking about the new Celeb Apprentice!!!
Birthdays are special and a retweet fromwould make it even more specialHappy Birthday!
I have been reviewing my options for this #Obamacare it has me with #sleepless #nights. I'm worried!
Agree!The best thingcan do is start telling the TRUTH and nothing but the TRUTH!
Thank youfor letting me play atThe best golf course ever! WE ARE PROUD OF YOU!
I can vote now and I expect to be voting for #Trump2016Thank you!
Its Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
You should get a job at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Not only a GREAT show, but what's forgotten is the worthy causes/charities being supported! Great work being done.THANKS!
WHEN WILL WE HAVE ANOTHER PRESIDENT LIKE REAGAN? #TRUMP2016
when is your Vancouver BC hotel going to be finished? 18 months.
We had a GREAT yearwith ties, shirts and suits, thanks!New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
what would be your first action as President?TO END OBAMACARE!
planning a golf trip to Scotland Aug 2015 - should we plan on playing Trump Int'l??Yes, it is the best.
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
This country's economy would be back on track ifbecame the next President.So true, thanks!
Please run for president, it would be my dream come true. No better person to run U.S.A.
Please be our next president!!!!! We will all vote for you!!!!!!
Now let's get the course in my neighborhood at Kluge on track. My membership awaits.Thanks!
One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
great quote!I'm in the turf business. Nj and Phil. Your sups and courses are top notch!Thank you.
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
you will get my voteThanks!
We need him as governor... this state is a mess.....
Just realisedwas in home alone 2! Looking dapper as always Thank you.
_xx_justmeI still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. Respect #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country. Thx
Congratulations toon his five year anniversary as the anchorBrett is great!
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, &amp; is an important element of success.
Just heard a 25 year old man say I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sandersit's time for me to leave this party.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
Thank you! #Trump2016
Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life. - Think Big
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. - Sun Tzu
the rooms are like condos. Perfect for families. Very accommodating staff. Thanks!
You know it's actually called CLIMATE CHANGE, right? That's only because GLOBAL WARMING wasn't working!
you are the MAN!!!
what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ?I went, he didn't!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016!
Antarctic ice shelf melt 'lowest EVER recorded, global warming is NOT eroding it'via
FLASHBACK1986:Saved a Georgia Farm Thank you, nice memories!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The dyingnewspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!
. reaction thatis dropping out of the 2016 race. Your thoughts?
I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!Many do!
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
Don for prezThank you.
I predict that dyingnewspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher Stinky Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!
Is Al Gore on that ship?
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid ( of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WE'RE so smart
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!RNC
Patriots for trump!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and noeffective raise in years. BAD
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina!#Trump2016
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son,Very proud of you! #TBT
Great poll- thank you Nevada!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
ties are amazing, very well made!
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!
The future is always beginning now. -Mark Strand, former Poet Laureate
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!
#Trump2016 #FITN
Blue Monster should be top 10 best courses this year!! Amazing course layout !!Thank you.
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
Veterans Love Trump But I love the VETS even more!
We need a real President to get things done, and that's why we want you!Thank you.
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
People ask, why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions aboutwhen he is so low in the polls? Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
irony is.... Imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots!
Good morning, Mr. Trump. You're so AWESOME. #Trump2016
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
'On Point' with Gov. Sarah Palin &amp; Donald Trump
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
Jeb is such a lightweight
I have a message for Donald Trump: No, were not going to hate Latinos, were not going to hate Muslims.I fully agree!
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead, he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video:
. blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed on television lately, and he was terrific hosting
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time: Fantastic Shawn
Joe McQuaid ( is desperately trying to sell theIt's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
I'm going to be live withandto ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in totomorrow night!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose, he wins! #lets make America great again!!!!!
is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views
We need a real President!
Trump listening to voters, unlike GOP
very true comment Donald, I'm glad we have people like you in this day and age
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
I hopedoes better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP! #TrumpOrNobody2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you.
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
. is terrific at hosting on- he really gets it!
Nevada Poll: Donald Trump 33%, Ted Cruz 20%, Marco Rubio 11%...via Great news!
Joe McQuaid ( of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
Safe to say thatis the biggest stud on the planet #GOP #TrumpForPresident
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
--Henry David Thoreau
The only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond restaurantoffers elite luxury
Viaby Peter Millard: Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics: Corporate Brazil
No casualties. Just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
Welcome to the new ObamaCare realityDoctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery
has great campaigns. Support one today
I would feel sorry forand how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President
the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for Pres &amp; bring common sense back to govt Thx.
Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#NHPolitics #FITN
Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern historyThank you!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now.
. has spent$63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!
. You were great onlast night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
if you ran for president you got my vote. Fix the country!Thanks
Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again ! Thanks
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
For those on TV defending my use of the word schlonged, bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.
VIDEO:
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
. andvery dishonest in not showing the newPoll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end, let Hillary get away with murder.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst. She made up story-want apology!
I'm reading #CrippledAmerica! Best book ever. Thank you!
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this storyTrue, a total distortion of the facts!
Willin his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Story:
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
THANK YOU America!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
Thank you - New Hampshire!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
Thank u Mr. Trump, I look forward to when u are elected next President of the United States #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. So nice!
Hillary said I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign. I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
. was GREAT today on She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
In the ridiculousad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.
andreajmarkley: Rubio finally gets an endorsementfrom #Benghazi loser Gowdy #Tcot #pjnetvia dailyne
A GREAT PATRIOT
thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Thanksfor all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.Good question!
You know what's making my Christmas Great, Family/food/friends&amp;YOU! I HAVE MY TRUMP SHIRT ON W/HOPE IN MY HEART for America
UPDATE: ISIS jihadists stole 'tens of thousands' of blank passports... Here we go!
Why doesgiveso much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy.
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. Schlonged is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got schlonged that meant beaten badly.
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Why doesn'tin his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
. is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
. just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Tell this knitwitthe ppl wantnot him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%
. treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just outPoll. All negative!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, we are finally where we need to be. Do we want 4more years of incompetent leadership?MAGA!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
.Great job ontoday. Very wise indeed!
Why isn'tusing the much newerPoll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
#MissUniverse DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
Weak and low energywhose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just pastin the newPoll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
Well I'm at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage.Classic
Poorspent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
100% Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Hillary, when you complain about a penchant for sexism, who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
Got my autographed book yesterday can't wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it.. Great!
Watchingand considerto be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America'
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the # of uninsured is still large,Obamacare is a failure since so expensive
Thank you for your tweet today on Christmas. Can't wait to see you as President, Mr. Trump. You are awesome.
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs/companies to USA #Trump2016
The Donald should've been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows &amp; social media. MAGA!
Thank you - Michigan!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Big news just out - NEWPOLLTRUMP39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18CARSON 10RUBIO 10
Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail
Thewhich is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attackingkids. Bad
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about the video of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland!
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.NewPoll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
NPR'ssaid schlonged to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls. #Hypocrisy
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA. I WAS IN NEWMARKET NH. OFFICE.
. today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failingare totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Remember when failed candidatesaid that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties.
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!TRUMP 37CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him.
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it? Never!
Thank you! #Trump2016
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
. opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Story:
. Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhapswill do better next year-but doubt it!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil!
The only person in politics who shouldnt have term limits is President Trump!Cute!
reminds me now ofbut no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance. #Trump2016
#GOPDebate #Trump2016
. IfDonald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will. #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
just called you this PRESIDENT !!! But I don't want his endorsement!
DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue
New Reuters poll - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history.
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016
Will be onin 20 minutes on#Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate
Thank you
Very nice! #Trump2016
Will be ontonight at 11:35pmE on#Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
horrible defense of me against highly overratedI will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate.asks all negative Trump questions! #Trump
We now LIVE in a #CrippledAmerica butWILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool. This was fact checked byFALSE
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst onHe knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I will be doingtonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate &amp; more.
. is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
You were amazing !
Weak &amp; ineffectiveis doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I wonder ifand her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
Pataki needs a brain surgeon!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly!
oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DonaldTrumpForPresident
I'm in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!
Thank you America!post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
I have an idea forwhose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; dont be ashamed of it!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
. has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
NEW POLL: Trump's massive lead grows in post-debate poll
Why isn't anyone using theIowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized.
Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! #TrumpRocksAmerica
.Dont misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as youll find out after I get elected.
Between Iraq war mongerdummydeadpanhighly overratedamong others,not fair!
Thank youfor your nice words this morning onIt was a good night!
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#TheRemembranceProject
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-
We need a #POTUS with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.
#Trump2016
The fix is in Donald did his best performance and has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in painJoke
. got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016
. - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
Isn't it amazing thatpaid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
. the most overrated anchor atworked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it!
Right,same old political bullshit year after year, #WhyISupportTrump
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump andcampaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python.
Thank youfor your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
. stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls includingand more. Too bad dopeylies!
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be interviewed on thetonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters.
Why doesn'tuse the #CNN Iowa poll?
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
OMG awesome! What time zone!?
is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time.Thank you.
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
Thank you for the nice wordsThe debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Thank you,- for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejectedfor the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. final 3 on now. Great people, great new ownerWATCH.
Your the man!!
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
. was great on Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
#DemDebate Q: Who are you voting for in 2016. A: #Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!. #Trump2016
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate
Thank youGreat work on#Trump2016
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
My friend,ofbought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
. was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Where'swhen you need em? #MissUniverse2015
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from - 38%.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#HillaryForPrison2016
. what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend, I won't forget!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
yes sir
all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. #tryme!!
Another new post-debate poll.
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C.
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE.
Everyone vote forand no he did not pay me for this endorsement.
Thank you&amp;#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win.
. spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump.
great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick! Thank you!
Thank you! #Trump2016
TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE
Thank you toI have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will followall the way to #victory #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you!
Something must be done with dopey- he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
. so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
.at 9:00 A.M.
I did interview with Chris Wallace ofin order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO]via Love this from a real winner!
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
.Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!
Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland.
I will be interviewed on at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
Thank you General. #Trump2016
Establishment flunkyis going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
Chris Wallaceat 10:00 A.M.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump: Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way were going to be saying Merry Christmas again. Iowa crowd LOVES it.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
Dopey Princewants to control our U.S. politicians with daddys money. Cant do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: The Country Is in Rebellion, Trump Can Kick Down the Doors
I will not let you down!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting withat a later date after I become President of the U.S.
I'll be watching
TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, IT'S NEAR 60% NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
. is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!I fixed his rating problem.
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
That's why, after your interview, I couldn't watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment.
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of DailyonMany people in the U.K. agree with me!
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Dailyfor herpowerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems.
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Another great accolade forHighly respected Golf Odyssey- awardedBlue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Great news in Georgia!The just outLandmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow.
Dummycontinues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
. should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
That is why we don't need a politician to be the next president.
Great evening last night inNew Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - bigterritory, great people! Thank you.
Record of Health:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
. Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
. you were great withontonight.Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
CRUZ doesn't do anything about ILLEGALS and REFUGEES invading Texas.
I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . There's a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into.
Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?
Trump says he was establishment. I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time I'm doing it myself.
. was not good tonight onHe just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN.
I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regardingThe Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
I will be interviewed onat 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of 132. So much for that theory. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
. Explains WhyHas Plenty of Staying Power#Hannity
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
. An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so.
DVR SET!
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friendshouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
Trump did not need 2acquire wealth &amp; power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massiveMuslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
. is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in newpoll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
. just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.That's becauseis smart!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!
Why doesn'tquote the new IowaPoll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
.You're the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesn't cut the mustard. Go Trump! #DonaldTrump #THEDonald
I'd pay to watch that - The Donald vs HillaryGet ready!
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
I hope that you will be the next POTUS.
Looks likeis getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
love you Trump! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Getting the support ofof UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41!
Iowa's RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.
I will be interviewed onthis morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
People that have read it tell me thatbook is terrible (and boring). Save your money!should can him, no credibility!
Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real
Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on nice guy Ted Cruz:
Son Don Jr. on Fox says Sr. more concerned about the 'safety of Americans' than 'offending people'
Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration
He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016
Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once you've failed to get into office.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:
Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. It's been too long! #voteTrump2016
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:
Wow,said some very nice things about me today onwith Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT!
The legendarywill be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign onat 6:30 PM.
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for Trump according to
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown
DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact
in bed together &amp; hate Trump.Win it for the USA &amp; the 21st Cent
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Thewhich loses a fortune, is owned by for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company,
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis
Just releasedPoll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failingThank you Iowa!
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
. The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
is so great towards you. Just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great .
Gee,withwas getting terrible ratings then, with me,he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016
I have been saying it for sometime now!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Can't stand her now. Very little talent!
You're a funny guy! Vote:
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!
I hope you become president!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
THIS IS WHO WE R REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY :#MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said I'm a negotiator like you Got standing O-rated best of day!
Thank youfor your wonderful editorial as to why I should have beenMagazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. #ItIsntAboutHer
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!
. of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
People forget the policies of leaders likeallowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, &amp; pilot planes
RTNew Iowa poll finds . in the lead by double digits.
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The police in London say Im right. Major article in Daily Mail. We cant wear uniform in our own cars.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling.
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them!
#RememberOurVets
Why doesbore their audience with people likea totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
I wish theWall Street Journal had reported the just outIowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Thank youyou finally get it!
did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance Yes, he is a crude dope!
Just won IOWAPoll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,butreported Cruz momentum but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendousdanger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
I am interviewed on the tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed byonEnjoy!
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledgerfor your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense'
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
I told youMagazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
Poordoesn't have what it takes-
Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the falsereport.
only President Donald J Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The failingdoes not mention the newPoll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
. who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent!
Ifever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. Thescam is saving it!
Will be onNews tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendaryEnjoy
Great interview tonight- very professionally done.
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent.
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.
Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Can't wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
. is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesnt get that Im good at winning!
Haim Saban: Hillary Clintons Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims
Today, New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits#Trump16
Weak and totally conflicted people likeshouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!
. onat 10:00 P.M.
Americas most reliable bellwether county has fallen for Great story, thanks!
Theloses money (a deduction) and gives ownerpower to screw public on low taxation ofBig tax shelter
Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Wow!
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
air strikes? Who's air strikes??
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
he is reading off the TelePrompTer.But that is O.K. in this case.
anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
#Trump WILL WIN! He's counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then WE CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES! #TeamTrump
. &amp;should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank youfor reporting the truth. #Trump2016
Why can'tget better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
Via
Donald Trump opens up 'massive' lead in national poll #makeamericagreatagain #wakeupamerica
I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! Not#here!
Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!Thanks
yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in #NewJersey. #wrong!
This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.#TeamTrump
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.
we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent.
Great job on O'ReillyStay who you are, it's refreshing.#StayStrong
. #Raleigh, #NorthCarolina! #Trump2016
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
. Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
Was going to do a phoner this morning withonbut they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failingby the
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
I will be interviewed on Face The Nationat 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
#VoteTrump2016 Chris Christie needs to #apologize 2 along with everyone else who doubted u. #TeamTrump
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week!
Show 'em how it's done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump!I will!
Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people! True!
Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration. Nice!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losingis a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didnt they report?
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
you copied incompetentincorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel withPresident Trump
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
AMERICA WANTS #TRUMP Politicians are so dishonest!
#TeamTrumpPA WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP
Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County (GA) endorsedtoday. #TeamTrump
just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter. That's only because I'm being nice!
Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!
Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found...
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald
The GOP establishment: Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee.
You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life! True!
Poll numbers will go up even more forafter Obama's 'address'
As a professional handicapperis a 3/5 favorite for presidency. #hotsteam #unload
his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts.
APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration Report#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said not even close. Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate
Trump: Mideast peace 'something I'd really like to do'| AP Photo
Good news, disloyalstock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas!
We can't take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm, live streaming!
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30
Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.
start backingreal change is coming !
. 3rd rate reporter &amp;@ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest!
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi.
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!
Watch my live book signing now!
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote
Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S.
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd. Media-he LIED!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term radical Islamic - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid ofObama &amp; the e-mails!
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts:
. &amp;Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!!
. one of the dumber bloggersonly writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
Legal &amp; illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this.#Trump2016 #TeamTrump
you were awesome at therally. It was exciting to see you.
.Martha, great interview with my son-- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016
I beat Hillary in the newPoll head to head.SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We will electfor President! We must!
Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald...
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter #DocinMich.
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses.
#Trump2016
Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine.Great!
America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!
Thank you!! #Trump2016
CBS reports swarms of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9/11/2001 VIDEO:
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope!
.Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
you were awesome at therally. It was exciting to see you. Two truly fantastic women!
Thank you! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA-- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
The failingshould be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
I can't wait to vote for#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
NOW'S THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE &amp; 4 ALL. TRUMP
If you combine the business models for both Macy's &amp; the NY Times, both are on a rapid decline, such a pity.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016
Jamiel Shaw was incredible onthis morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads.
#Trump I will NOT vote for Cruz or #GOP. My vote is pledged to&amp;my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.
Just watched Cookie Roberts onHer predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
That's whyTHE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY #Establishment #Media #PUNDITS. #TheyRMad
Don't let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate
John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for #Trump John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
So like the media to make something out of nothing. Don't let them sidetrack from the message.
we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11
just totally bombed on has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!Fox should dump Rove.
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?
Pollster Trend
National GOP Average
223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Donald Trump Rises to 38% Nationally; Ted Cruz Edges into 2nd at 12%
I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website
Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by #GOP. Rove embarrassed himself
Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that.
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI
via
is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!! #Trump2016 #POTUS
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016
The failingshould focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!
no need to explain, Sir. We've got your back.Thanks!
Your story is a total fraudI agree!
so great in Sarasota, FL! #TurntTrump We're following T all the way!
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping theAmerican people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
. Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have heron more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
Trump for president! #TRUMP2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! #Trump2016 USA
Any GOP candidate will lose except forI agree!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp;IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT!
JohnKasichAll you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected
I do not know the reporter for theor what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
I will be onin an interview withon Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
The dopes at thebought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
America backs you. Your our next President!!!! Thank you!
Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016
So good to see thefamily out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!
Another hit piece by CNN. What? We're not biased!
Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, You can do much better!
I can't believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans.only says negative-bad reporters
I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well.
Stupid opinion! #Trump is Winning! why will he leave? dummy!
The Establishment is afraid ofOnce we try a business man we may never want a politician again! #TeamTrump
I live in NJ &amp; you've got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! #tellingitlikeitis
. has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA. Thank you!
THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb
***Howard Stern Caller day after 9/11
YES HE IS &amp; SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down, not a chance
Theis so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air!
So, since the people at thehave made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
What is Obama thinking?
When willget some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to
We need a great leader- now!
Trump is our last hope to make America great again. #Trump2016 So true!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016
Live Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota, FL Nov 28 - 12:00 PM (EST)#Trump2016 #RobartsArena
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm
They should all get on the Trump train!So true!
did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal! True!
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
Shoppingis NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house. Great, a very disloyal chain!
Great twitter quote about Donald Trump: Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
Thank you for your continued support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Have a great rally !!!#Trump2016
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are DemsI beat Hillary heads up!
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3
Great jobonYou made kooky Cokie Roberts andlook even dumber than they are. You will be right!
story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field.
should the reporter's dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?
How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The Worlds Next Biggest Drug Company
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
. gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offendedmedia.
I WILL BE ON AT 7:30 -NOW!
Chuck doesn't know that 100,000 x 2 = 200,000
A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump &amp; #TeamTrump! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
Love it. Wish I could getI hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting.
.no one is even close to #Trump
we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State. #Trump2016 #TeamTrump
Big newPoll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week withI will be interviewed on show!
Great poll numbers! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
America wants DONALD TRUMP! TV Heads still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS.
If you run anyone but Trump, Hillary wins. So Rubio, Christie, Jeb! &amp; Kasich must hate the country.
. thank you for the nice comments recently, especially onMy family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
. just announced that I am leadingBIG in the newPoll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
the best man for the job! Thanks!
Thank you for your nice words for the nice words onwith Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
Republicans must stop relying on losers likeif they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?
Report: #DonaldTrump Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center
Will be doingat 10 PM on As always with Sean, will be interesting!
. reports thatgetting ready to treat me unfairlybig spending planned against me. That wasnt the deal!
DonaldTrumpNever thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016
Thank you John Nolte for
wonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile! Cute!
It's too bad so few people showed up toFamily Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights&amp; told the TRUTH about Trump!
AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you.
Watchedspecial tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many x's do we allow them to disgrace this country? #NoClintonInWHEverAgain
What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trump's Communication Style Very nice, thanks!
Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!
had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight.
Trump's Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate: Theres No One Else Like Him
. great job - we are all proud of you!
Fantastic winning all the way to WH #Trump2016
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about-
. came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy.
he will make America great again
We have a voice with DonaldTrump, Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TeamTrump
. continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyaint working!
.I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on pointSir!Thanks.
I find thatis a far more professional operation than
I'll only vote for TRUMP! If eGOP screw things up I won't vote for ANY republicans; ANY
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?WE NEED THE WALL!
Why woulduseas an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
Great family. Great interview!
Will be interviewed onat 8:00 A.M.
Its clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!
You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!
Newnational poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016
People are really liking my new book, Crippled America. Check it out!
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyalwas to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
they're finally gettin the message, we're fed up &amp; we're not going establishment.
anchor's shocked that DonaldTrump'scomments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
Ill talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on
We need Trump now! Obama isn't protecting Americans !!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia? YES, soon.
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowdso much to talk about!
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race; Ted Cruz makes gains: poll:# via AOL
Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else?
By going after you, Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware.
it was awesome! #Trumponly. Great crowd! Wonderful
The Paris attacks have only made Donald Trump stronger Very interesting!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you
Trump is the epitome of integrity, good spirit, forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!
Trump gave a great speech in Ala. What's more important a protester? I wouldn't give these folks 1 sec of attn
. has one of the worst reporters in the business --wouldnt know the truth if it hit him in the face.
Palin on 2016: I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump! | Getty
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
Leave our candidatealone! Do not embarrass yourselves further.
Make America Great again vote Donald Trump
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You're the hero America needs! #Trump2016Thank you, I only want to make America great again!
Well said
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
#LEO #LESM #Trump2016
URGENTan effort to destroy their own front runner. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I HIT BACK!
Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.ccolvinjis one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
Via9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right!
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! That's his promise to us!! We love u trump
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
#CrippledAmerica is an excellent resource for the 2016 race #TeamTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didn't have the Bush family and Fox he wouldn't have anything! !
THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN &amp; IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump 2016!! Thanks and I will!
cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!
Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!! Thanks.
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016
. a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border.made the point far better!
Alabama loves youGreat!
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easyhe came in dead last!
Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendarytonight- 10pmE.
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums
From St. Patrick's Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root
Tune into the legendaryat 10pmE on
tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour#ABC2020!
Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you Nice!
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly greatThey have lost their way and are no longer credible.
Doesnt help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else- hes almost last.
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC,just called me a blow hard!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail atMagazine. He is a total loser!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendaryWatch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
John Kasich fell right into President Obamas trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats &amp; ISIS. Trump best to protect us
you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration
Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy:Presidential candidate??
I'll be in attendance. #YUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #bamaforTrumpNice!
Join us at 10pmE on with#MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I dont want to waste my money.
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
Glad to see thatlost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
We finally have a voice withLets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
How does Ben Carson survive this problemreally big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.
. is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes likewho still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Great New Poll
You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!So nice.
If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I followby
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength-
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
Looking forward to watching the legendaryinterview my family (and me) tonight onat 10:00. Many things to talk about!
ROLL TIDE
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.
i have faith he will win and save America
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed
Via Politico: Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll
North Carolina. Come on down.Will be there very soon!
The legendaryinterviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on. Don't miss it!
. Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
No one can takedown because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Katrina, great job onlast night!
Discussing #SyrianRefugees withonback on 10/3/2015. #ISIS
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
. should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!
Wow,shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord withonthis evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
New Hampshire Poll:'Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire.' Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, &amp; Kasich 7
.Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, theyre all on the bandwagon.
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
. is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders MASTERMINDS. Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
Great poll numbers out ofThank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
didn't know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, it's pathetic, dropped calls, no service.
One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING
. Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
What is our President doing?
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
.John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10:00 on. Much, much, much to talk about!
GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Just received a copy ofnew book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Very nice article from Daily Mail
I have faith he will win and save America
Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth. #HispanicsForTrump #DemocratsForTrump
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
you definitely have my vote!
are you watching this circus?!? #DemDebate what a joke! #Trump2016
Macys was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys
This 92-Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands Thank you!
I will be onlive from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support&amp;this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus
I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments.
Thank you toRobert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just saidhe likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
- a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off, game on!
Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new &amp; amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!
I will be onwithat 7PM. Tune in!
#Trump2016
. had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
. Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
DonaldTrump 'Saturday Night Live' episode garners highest viewership since 2012
it's the only way we can make America great again.
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and forAfrican American youth - 51%.
People Magazine: Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didn't See
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is avsone on one debate! That would be easy!
. I only said I was onfour weeks ago with Putinnever said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesgreat ratings!
Happy Friday the 13th
I will be interviewed byonat 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
President Obama said ISIL continues to shrink in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
Boy is this guytough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
TrumpOn America needs you in office Now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
the best book I've read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date.
#DemDebate this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail.
Will be onlive from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
. CarlyI did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldnt hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
#DonaldTrump Gives SNL Its Biggest Ratings In Years
Will be interviewed bytonight at 8 PM.
THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN
Why does the failingwrite a false editorial about me and let dummymake the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? Hecan't say it, and unless he will,the problem will not be solved!
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Only one man has the appeal, nerve, commitment, ideas, &amp; motivation. He's the icon, business tycoon, and lovable DonaldTrump
Poll: Trump Surges to 42% Nationally; Bad News for Marco RubioGreat news!
Like him or hate himruns a brilliant campaign for #POTUS2016 !Thank you!
When and how are the dummies at thegoing to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want smart trade deals.
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank youfor showing thewas wrong. So dishonest!
Donald Trump lifted #SNL to its best ratings since 2012. (Photo: NBC)
TheEditorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
you need to win for not just America, but for humanity.
Total foolis part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy!
has what MONEY CAN'T BUY: VISION &amp; LOYAL &amp; MOTIVATED SUPPORT! #veterans #military
I will be interviewed on at 7:30
I still haven't heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. #Trump2016 can't happen fast enough.
.Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didnt say it, he did. Apology?
. and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Thank you&amp;-- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. on ISIS&amp;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years!you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016
It shouldn't be ignored, and I doubt it will be, Carson will drop in polls.
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
is Hillary's worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night.
Look when you try to kill Your mom,that's it for me ,no walking on water
Trump helps SNL blow roof off the ratings, most viewers since 2012
I will be onat 8PM tonight. Tune in!
REUTERS 5-DAY ROLLING POLL: TRUMP 34%, CARSON 19.6%, RUBIO 9.7%, CRUZ 7.7%... Thank you - a great honor!
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his father's 'charisma' and intelligence!
Why wouldn't thecall for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016
Whynailed SNL. My new column.
.Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
. Gerardwonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, really smart and elegant.
was right! close the borders! #Trump2016
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Funny all the real polls haveway ahead.
. is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better!
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
I absolutely love this, can't wait till u debate Clinton
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016
I will be on withtonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Today'sEditorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
. Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to let Jeb talk, give him a chance because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
I'm not convinced that any candidate other thanis committed to securing our borders. #VoteTrump2016
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
You will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any election! Great.
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate.said I was so, so.
RUBIO sat back during debate on Immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about Gang of 8.
Ratings were HUGE forappearance on Saturday Night Live -&gt;
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank youfor giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
You are a machine. Success leaves clues. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
so let it be written, so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016!
Trump Winery:viaAlways an amazing experience at Trump Winery Beautiful fall foliage
. - So much fun last night!
it was a great show!
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt ofWrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
All Rep should stand with #Trump2016 Forget Bush, Rubio and knife attackers! #Trump2016
KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!
and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Let's get Huck and Christie back.
.Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president.
Great job on Nobody could have done it better!
. Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I will be interviewed by onat 10:00 A.M.
From the last time Donald Trump hosted #SNLThe Boardroom Band.
we need you elected tomorrow!
you made SNL great again
Would be nice iflearned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
Backstage with Trump. #SNL
Cecily also has a Trump impression.#SNL
Only Donald Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you!
.should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Busha total conflict of interest.
lead in Reuters National poll
We unearthed Donald Trump's Vine account from 2013 and it's incredibleThank you.
The books great#CrippledAmerica
That's because people are interested in you, &amp; you've got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary #Trump2016
I am working a #12HR #AMERICAN SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP 2 WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH! #WEU. Nice.
. Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.I will help the veterans like no one else.
was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it! #TrumpTrainSNL #TrumpOnSNL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny.Thanks.
GREAT Video. Which of these 4 Polls is Suspect? Kudos to#Trump
We're live from Studio 8H tonight. #SNL
It was FANTASTIC!!
Loved the show!
great show !!!
Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers, like Ben Carson, but wants America rebuilt by only one capable:TRUMP
Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA!
I can't wait to watch snl tomorrow. A really big show!
I haven't seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great!
Super excited to watchtomorrow night on#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
can't wait to watch. #trump for president #saturday night live
. Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character!
THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG!I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! #democratsfortrump
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated.
Everyone lovesnew look. #SNL
Marco Rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances #trump
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on bothbyandFace The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the #TrumpTrain its going to be #YUGEThanks.
don't let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada, and energy independent.
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
One more day! Donald Trump hosts #SNL withtomorrow. Will be a wild night!
If you like howhandled #Benghazi, then you'll justher as Commander-in-Chief#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
is performing, DonaldTrump is hosting. Tonight's #saturdaynightlive is going to be legendary.
Chuck Schumer: Sen Marco Rubio Is Totally Committed To Obamas Immigration AgendaDonaldTrump
This is not good. WOW, one of many lies by Ben Carson! Big story.
I am Hispanic - I am with you
Getting ready forcommercial.
you made SNL great again
See you at Rockefeller Center. #SNL
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
I think it would be a good ideaand fairto include&amp;in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys.
.Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in thestates that Carson is trying to solidify his lead. But I am #1, easily! Sad
Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012: At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat...
Will be highest rated show ever,is a marketing genius #SNL Hope it does well!
What a show. Thanks for watching, everyone! #SNL
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a tweeting skit, so stay tuned!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016
Ratings: DonaldTrump lifted #SNL to a near four-year high. TRUMP RATINGS GOLD!
Loved the show! Best #SNL in years! #TrumpTrainSNL
it's about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats!
Will be onat 8:00 A.M.
You've got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. #EverybodyRockW/TrumpNow #SNL
Happy Birthday to the greatHe's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL: Donald Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL...
DonaldTrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. He keeps his promises.
IS CARSON HALLUCINATING? NOW LIES ABOUT WESTPOINT?
You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!
Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThank you!
Interesting presidential race; Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer, andbeats Carson in the polls!
How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories.
Television ratings forSaturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
Wow Marco, is this true?
The #MSM straw man candidate is falling apart!
Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!
use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them , you want them to have jobs and be here legally Great idea!
Will be ontonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill!
thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts? Very soon!
HUUUUUGE
. Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
We finally have a voice with Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance onSaturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
Live from New York, Donald Trump will soon be hosting 'SNL':Frazier, enjoy the show and best wishes!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
Carson now admits his friend named Bob, who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge, breadth of issues, stamina? Thanks!
We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Gladwill #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We finally have a voice with, Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy
[First Vote News Video | Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President] - Thanks Mike!
Isn't it terrible thatused a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
I can't wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carson's sleepy, Jeb low energy.
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a lightweight.
Online poll:'best to handle economy' by far Very true, thanks!
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
. is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
Just read #CrippledAmerica! Great book! I haven't felt this enthusiastic about #America since #Reagan
Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn't show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in thepoll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again.
He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book!
Great interview. Ranks just above theinterview.
It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store.O.K.!
Book in hand waiting for The Next President
Republicans in Congress can learn a lot fromon dealing with Obama! They should read #CrippledAmerica!
My interview with&amp;atairing at 5PM on
on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria: This country needs to be less predictable.
Wow!poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. I'll see you at noon!
I just finished reading Crippled America. It's a detailed blueprint to get America back on track.
Watch FULL Speech: Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Norfolk, VA (10-31-15) on YouTube -
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
TRUMP Supporters aren't Angry We're Smart ! We're Men / Women / Millennials / Politically Saavy
I will unveil my first campaign ads onat 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazyMarco good looking?
I will be ontonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Rubio wants Common Core for education.
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, don't doubt me
And you're still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. I'm Black and proudly voting TRUMP!
BREAKING: Latest poll of Florida voters shows enormous lead for Trump! He'd beat Hillary!#tcot
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, he's my friend! Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say disloyal guy, no friend!
We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!!Great pic
Your performances in every state have been amazing! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.Dont miss it!
Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!
America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster.
Also, tune in to theat 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
WowYou openly LIE about who's ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99% of polls. Shameful... #StopTheLies
. used this poll (nobody else did) when I was downwonder if shell use it now that Im up?
this interview is great.
Nope. Trump isn't taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!
This says it ALL. TRUMP 2016.
. should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I ran for president twice. Never ran, merely considered running!
DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You heads try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!
Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in The Art of the Deal by
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win
Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller.
Ivanka said it and you said it too, you'll be great for women. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump is our last chance to turn this country around #Trump2016
Trump Leads GOP, Carson Stays Strong, Rubio 3rd: Poll
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
MSM are LYING to you about Hispanics hating Trump. Here's the real deal!#HispanicsForTrump
I Trust's polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news Iowa lead!
Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re: Soc Sec and Medicare. He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!
9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
poll numbers are higher then most think, no one is asking Democrats if they are voting Trump
.Why dont you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
JEB'S! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTY=LIES
I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!! #democratsfortrumpGreat!
Shooting promos for #TrumpOnSNL with Cecily and
Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs - ABC News -via
Why didn'tcorrect Jeb when he saidhas run 4 president 2X B4~Jeb needs 2B corrected b/c he lied.
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didnt change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame!
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon.
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job
Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in it's pages. That's why I stand with TRUMP
MEDIA WANTS A PUPPET.WE WANT DONALD TRUMP TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, LAST CHANCE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT
The CompleteInterview: Getting Things Donevia
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obamas executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.
fantastic job with your interview withtoday!
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco RubioREAD THIS:
RTWe The People want Mr Trump #RT #CNN #HBO
No need, Everyone knows Jeb is full of blank.
Meet me atand get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm!
Jeb's new slogan - Jeb can fix it. I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word fix is not a good one to use in politics!
DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW: Fox and Friends (11-03-15) #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trump's Immigration Plan On Fox Newsvia
every single real American needs to read #CrippledAmerica ! Beyond awesome I couldn't be more thrilled
Thank youfor the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12.
WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!
I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents, siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICA
The new book byis best seller in the making.
agreed Luisa.WILL WIN! This is what he does!
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 A.M. andat 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back!DonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate #RushLimbaugh #SeanHannity #MarkLevin
Few people know that is still in business. Tell your writerAlisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
Another STRONG pro-American position with Dept of Veterans Affairs reform policy. #Trump2016
Happy Birthday to my friend
. Great job ontonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
so true. In all previous debates, no one watched and they werecancelled
TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL; RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING...
Thank you James Freeman of thefor the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
Great, thank you!
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
DO A FLYOVERUSS WISCONSIN!Cool idea, we will try!
.John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said NO THANKS Waste of time &amp; energy!
Everyone under 10% in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMPGreat idea!
YES!
Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!
Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again. Cool!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing How much longerwill they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
you were great in it!! Thanks!
Donald Trump: I Think Obama Hates Israel
Loved doing the debate last night onCheck out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
I told you so- just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
My interview onwithhad a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
This is the most focused Trump stump I've heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia.
Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney.
Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT. #TrumpTrain Nice.
. said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show,on Monday (2:30pm EST).
Thank youforthe nice words onI will win and Make America Great Again!
Trump:Our educational sys is ranked #28 in the world-Get rid of #CommonCore Watch LIVE and CHAT:
surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US 1st and foremost
Via The Political Insider: Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as SIR!
Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago &amp; most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
hell of a job
. on his (naked) young and carefree days and pal Donald Trump Rod, album is great!
Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costume--Kelly Ripa, Lara Spencer or Mario Batali?
. Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
WATCH: Donald Trump holds rally at USS Wisconsin in VirginiaA great day.
I wouldn't watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 11/3. Trump all the way.
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP
Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, 2nd Amendment, and ALL Americans.
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.Dont miss it!
keep you're momentum until you win over the White House
One thing I learned from: Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make We will have strong deal makers
We need a REAL change.you are the only1who can stand up&amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
you are always many steps ahead of the game! Thank you.
Failing hosta mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
We need a wall not a Rubio
I wouldn't be watching at all!!! Honestly!
Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night.
has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that &amp; will vote Trump! THANKS!
The Post's latest on Trump:From Trump's rally today in Virginia:
you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! #Trump2016 Thanks.
Republican is 28%; support for Carson is 23%.Poll used bylast month
The One, The Only, Donald Trump, will and can Make America Great Again !
Agree This is The Only Time #Americans have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!
Thank youfor explaining toandand so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. That's like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?
TheWall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
When candidate John Kasich, on thetalked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainLeading big Nationwide in Reuters poll - great!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
So true! Voteand have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America.
Dipshitlied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4callingout.
Post-Debate viaThank you!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
ViaWho won the #GOPDebate?
I'm not even american and I want to seewin! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!
Another WIN!
And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knock'em dead Donald! Thanks!
Thank you!
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, including Vets?YES, YES, YES!
WATCH LIVE: Trump talks about treatment of veterans in Norfolk, Va.
they should just let you be president already, you're already leading in the polls.
Evangelicals don't like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter,
no one would have watched the debates if Trump had notbeen in them
Thank youfor your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you.
We Support You! And Believe that your America's HopeThanks.
Once again haters gonna hate...hands down #winner will always be#Trump #Trump2016
DonaldTrump,NAME ONE CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE DEALS WITH CHINA ! IF WE DONT BRING JOBS BACK! WERE DEAD
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
saw this and had to share! He wants to be you! Love it!!!! U r his HERO!So cute!
I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS!Thank you.
Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! #Trump
Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60%
by the time you're done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you!
People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. #Truth
The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is.~ on
Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud :) YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump #1
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't.
#Trump2016
is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!
Mike Tyson endorses #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks Iron Mike, greatly appreciated!
Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deserves for #Obamacare.
#JEBbush CAPTIVATES CROWDS WITH STIRRING SPEECHWow
The money losingis considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
Loved seeingspeak to the wounded warrior &amp; his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine.
Bad position for Jeb, if his Mommy, Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet
GREAT debate, way to go!!
The more I hear Trump the more I like him!
Gravis Marketing Pollleading. Great!
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
I'm 18 years old from Florida, and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries! THANKS.
This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains &amp; energy to Make America Great Again.
62% said thatwon #GOP Debate Vote your stand:#USA #Election2016
Do you think Hillary, Ben or Jeb could do this?
Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner.
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans:
you have inspired us to #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WTG, GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES &amp; OHIO KNOWS THIS 2.THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO
Dopeywho has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements andpicks, said last week onthat Biden was in.
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
. Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you!
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated!
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him, but fell asleep! #NOISYMAJORITY!
WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE..
ViaTrump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top-
I'm voting fortoo.Thanks.
There shouldn't be a problem with this election. WE THE PEOPLE finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans:
on TODAYmoderatestown hall, live from New Hampshire. #TrumpTODAY
The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary.
Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Nice.
POLLTOTAL: TRUMP 25.22CARSON 19.78RUBIO 9.67....
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win #GOPDebate Poll.
needs to drop out your, hurting the republican cause .is our choice
#TRUMP IS TRUTH! We want #Trump!
Wow,imagine what he'll do as President. ThanksFORD LISTENED TO ME, GREAT!
Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. We're standing behind you 1000%:)
why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary.#YUGE #Trump2016 #TeamTrump #
I voted 4 Reagan to make America Great. I will vote 4to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TRUMP
#Trump came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next #GOPDebate we need max 5 candidates, too many on the stage!
I agreehasn't be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking thatgives him a platform.
Thanks tofor giving great attention to the Town of Atkinson at #TrumpTODAY w/
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you!
Thanks,You're great!
this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing #mexicolovestrumpGreat!
Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday!
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed.
National GOP Presidential Poll via 35.6% #Trump2016
composite national poll #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain...
How many MSM outlets will carry a clip ofleaving the podium to enter a crowd &amp; listen to the concerns of a VET?
How is any one taking Carson seriously when he suspends his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner.
Good Night all supporters. Great night MrYou ROCKED the Rocky Mountains &amp; the Nation tonight!!!
Thank youand for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PACs. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
DonaldTrump's and BenCarson's support up since Sept as they head into tomorrow's#RepublicanDebate
At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!
You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country.
. can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa.is a scam!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
# TRUMP is UnstoppableThank you.
. continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after
showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.
good morning. Easy on each other &amp; finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.True
Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning 70% of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton!
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing thethere, live at 7:00 A.M. NewPoll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
Does anybody think thatwill get their fictitiouspolling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
Debate night! #TeamTrump16 is behind you 5000%National Lead TRUMP 35.6% CARSON 21.7%
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
.Great numbers fromPoll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016
Good jobfor badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?
Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?
TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!!#Trump2016 !
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%!
Do you believe thatis still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on thefrom this morning
Thank youfor the wonderful story.
Thanks everyone, they all saidI won the debate. Even won thePoll!
100%SUPPORTERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED!
Re Super PAC scam:What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump, Carson and Rubio
Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary.
We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump
Thank you! #GOPDebate
MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States.
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers atin Miami.
Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. #artofwar
I will be doing thelive from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
I have never loved a candidate as much as I loveI can't wait for him to make America great again! Nice!
Will be doing a sit down interview withon Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!FANTASTIC!
AUSTRALIA SUPPORTS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well. Cute!
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on
Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of TrumpI love the VETS.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!! #Trump2016 #ElectTrump
WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The #Trump2016 Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs!
Can't wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong!Sorry JebBush, but you got no chance!
Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side.
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician
Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 24/7 #ActingMeek
Rasmussen:now beats38%-36% nationally
TRUMP: JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY, HE'S MEETING WITH MOMMY AND DADDY- CAN'T RUN HIS OWN CAMPAIGN
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought atBe careful, don't get ripped-off
Our new President will provide something we've never had before. #TRUTH even if it hurts. #Trump
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
. was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Travelers prestigious Readers Choice Awards
Never thought Id SayDonald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners cruz=devilrubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY
Joe, thanks for not running!
. rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy Great!
Doug Ross @ Journal: AWESOME: Donald Trump Blessed by Black, White Pastors and Rabbisvia
I will be interviewed onGood Morning America at 7:00 A.M.will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lots of great new polls--big leads!
A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in 2016
Donald Trump Leads in Expectations, Shows Strength on Attributes (POLL) - ABC News -via
has no money, hes meeting today with mommy and daddy, and theyre working on his campaign.
. is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
Your a gentlemen Ben but not our next President,
Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.
20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016via A.J., thank you, soooo nice!
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office)
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
Donald Trump Hands Fox News Sunday Its Biggest #Crowd In 6 Years Great!
The establishment can try all they want to keepfrom winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!
Trump Nears 100 days on Top via The Hill
I will be interviewed ontonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
So nice ofgreatly appreciated!
. had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion!
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
Many Hispanics agree withon enforcing the border Trump for President
well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.
Trumpachusetts: Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters: AC360Thanks, great news
I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at
. at 7:00 A.M.
Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at #BenghaziHearings reading from the script. #pathetic . She is no leader
Watchat 9:00 A.M.Then interviewed on at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan
Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. onEnjoy!
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really
. at 10:00.
#ChrisWallace, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations!
For Donald Trump, South Florida makes it raindollars, that is Very nice
Trump blows them all away! He's our next president! #Trump2016
Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about #SomethingSpecialIsHappening
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce PollN.H.TRUMP 28 (up 10)CARSON 16BUSH 9RUBIO 6CRUZ 5Press will say they are surging!
I will be interviewed onGood Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
. is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great againI fully agree!
. you were GREAT ontonight. Thank you for the nice words!
They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!
Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H.
Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!
We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington,Iowa tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSee you there!
#Trump2016 #Trump hits his highest poll number yet; #Carson, #Rubio make small gains
Tonight's official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016
New poll by ABC News/Washington PostTRUMP 32CARSON 22RUBIO 10BUSH 7Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
I will be ontonight at 10 PM#Hannity
20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 Wow, so nice!
people are for you #Trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great jobyou slayed Mr. Sanchez with the #truth thx 4 defending
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
.Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
Trump has figured out Jeb Bush's greatest weakness as a candidate, and it's not his energy level
Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald. TRUMP 2016 Great!
Watch my interview onFace The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!
You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed.
Can u believe that Jeb Bushs campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? Whats he giving to Germany?
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
Donald Trump to host Saturday Night Live
Since late July 2015, DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination.
. Poll - WOW!New HampshireTRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
YouGov National PollDonald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge
Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one..
right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visa's for illegals. Super PAC Saudis.
never thought I'd say this butsparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe
See, the attackvery possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision.
LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!
Amazing! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
One of the best interviews I have seen!
NYPost gets it, you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he gets it too, and you've got his vote
We want Donald !! Yah next president! #TrumpTrain #TrumpForPresidentWe will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can't Stump the Trump
why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes?
Thank youfor your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond.
Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow isby
is correct u can't allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge #'s of jobs.
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
is what we need to fix this mess! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
I'm watching it again right now in California
Noyoure pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brothers term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
Couldn't have said it, better... Nothing fake about you, sir.
George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE.WHAT A LIAR!!
Our passion foris amazing!
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
We finally have a voice with#VoteTrump #CoalitionForTrump #CitizensForTrump
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW!
Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone
Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!
I've never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as #TrumpTrain #VOTETRUMP
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio.
Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS
Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the
I believecan make AMERICA GREAT again #C2GTHR Thank you!
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing-
So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!Thank you.
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
.
Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! #Trump2016
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the wayand her puppets unfairly treat us is don't watch her show!
Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down
. like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Lovinginterview. #TrumpSwagger #ChrisWallace Thank you.
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. onBig statement made by Chris!
Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster.
Chris Wallace: After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President
Pamperedwho never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries
Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately fake conservative:
Trump wins, hands down:Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke.
Bruce Willis wearing my hat onlast Friday-
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!
A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump #Trumptrain
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failingMagazine, Sloppy Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls. Thanks Clayton
I don't thinkwill cave. They've seen ratings soar withand Money matters!
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
. is on the front page of thewaving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 peopleno pic!
Interesting reading re September 11th
Great interview!Thanks
#STOPTHEPRESSESjust admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! #HellJustFrozeOver
THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
. and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq &amp; 911
Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, &amp; GOD forbid next Prez #NTXForum
Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! #Trump2016Thanks.
Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!
It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.Trump 2016
Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
GW Bush was open borders likeTERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!
An Incredibly Strong Interview Of Good ResponseIC ThoseNaySayers dissapating!
i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED
Dude,'s tactics are just on a level we've never seen before.
.
At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!
.can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to Obama!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on- Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys.is right#WakeUpAmerica
ViaUnder Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses
Can't wait forto jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!Won't happen!
Just reported by CNN that the Trump halo effectcaused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Does everyone rememberand his famous remarks about self-deportation and 47%. He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
. you did a fantastic job tonight onThank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!
why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about.
HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN #Trump
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Pennhand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP.
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on at 6:00 P.M.
Hey--&gt; FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted Leaky Immigration Led to 9/11#tcotWOW!
The problem iswas a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner.
Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say-
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is. He is such a sourpuss, HATES
I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!! What a fantastic evening!
How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic istalking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself
. has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightget through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
. did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
is in it to win it.
Just didWill be back on at 11pm on
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
. was FANTASTIC onthis morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
Well,is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is- That's sad, eh!?
Webb is OUT!!Bad opening!#DemDebate
Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
The only winner of the #DemDebate is This is not a great debate - a little sad!
These 5 makelook like Winston Churchill #DemDebateCute!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump!&amp;
Did you also hear Megyn say Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls OUTRIGHT LIE!Hatred!
. is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
not watching debate....just your tweetsNice!
with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! #Trump2016
his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstandingThanks.
they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016
Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!
You GOPe supporters wrong again on Trump, give it up. Get on the Trump train. GREAT NEWS
I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need
the truth prevails when it is so obvious.is a force that is unstoppable
if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Signing my tax return....
we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!! Thanks!
We need a strong leader- and fast!
isn't on the stage, turning this garbage off
Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, I'm out.
Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused &amp; make your own narrative. It's working
I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if thedebated any one of these five jabronis
. is pushing thearound by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
Good move by Bernie S.
Afterpoor performance, waffling in debates,should support
I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tylers song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets!#DemDebateThanks.
I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
why is Webb there??
OMalley destroyed Maryland..True, he was a disaster.
Webb is trying to beand its not working.He is not doing well!
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.
RT. I have thousands of Hispanics working for me &amp; they like me very much.
imagine Chafey standing up to Putin
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain
100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition
I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. #DemDebate
. joined&amp; was asked about his thoughts on#Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
The latest book on HillaryWow, a really tough one!
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.Thanks
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
.Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA
I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #CNNDebate #CNN #Debate #DNC
Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment
Why did Hillary get to skate past the Do Black Lives MatterAnderson let her off hook!
I love that NO group can buy
I can't wait forto debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
Why is thebeing asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
Thank goodness #DemDebate is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I thinkandare supposed to be on this stage
Grt interview, I'm telling ya,children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him &amp; his campaign
A great new poll-33%!
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the B team. She wont be so lucky when it comes to me!
.Meta few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughter's help. She's a throughly impressive person.
Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for ALL of us.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
I miss#CNNDebate
Theshould not agree to the ridiculous debate terms thatis asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for NevadaWOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4
Support the NRA more then ever,needs to backwho wants to protect 2nd amendment!
Hahahahahahaha...love it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2015 #TrumpTrain Choo choo...all aboard! :)
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than hes gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
. was right...#DemDebate is boringthese ppl are so scriptedSo far!
is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake.
Will be ontomorrow withEnjoy!
On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch #DemDebate and readcomments.
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
CNN Poll just out on South Carolinagreat #s
Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !
Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate
Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along withand #DemDebate. Lets make America great again! #trump2016
Nice story from
These cats are like bad used car salesmen.
Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrowheres the info:Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
yeah, you're really wearing out your welcome.Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!
. withhad fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again. Thanks.
time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class
ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!Thanks!
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --look forward to it!
I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at1% will be taking up so much time -but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
President Obama was terrible ontonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump Thanks to all of these great songwriters. Get rich!
True. Thanks.
Very honored: Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds
doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring#CNNSocialistDebate#DemDebate
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
. just informed us that my interview last week onwas their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald So nice!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?
Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
. will be live-tweeting the #DemDebatevia
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watchon CBS &amp;#mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!
Via RealClear Politics
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Will be interviewed byonat 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need
That feminist who called out Trump last night? She's a Jeb intern. Jeb always gets caught, sad!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
#morningjoeSurely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?
Will be interviewed onwithtomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
Live from New York- November 7th!
So nice, thank you very much.
She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! #Trump2016
I'm Hispanic &amp;has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland!
Willbe tough as they were with? Not sure.. No way, they will be very gentle!
Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Good luck to the US Mens National Team in tomorrows CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!It should be a great game!
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a plant during my speech yesterday in NH?
#DemDebateTheinterview tomorrow onwill have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Thank you.
You are looking &amp; sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You Can't Stump the Trump
Thanks.
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
can't wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets.Will be so much better than CNN!
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
. Sickening attempt. I hope . jumps another 10 points. #WakeUpAmerica
. praises good guy Trump and his upstanding and grounded kids
. was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 So true!
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION
. biggest Hispanic fan: Hes my perfect manA great woman!
I can't wait forlive tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter
I will be interviewed onSunday 10AM on CBS.is a true pro!
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight.#DemDebate
they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight. I hope not!
where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started #DemDebate
We need Trump Now!!!Make America Great Again!
Keep the faith. Electand there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals.
I have the #DemDebate on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?
The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.
With the fantastic ratings last weekend,&amp;I think its only fair that I go onw/ Chris Wallace.
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.
Willbe tough as they were with?No way, they will want to be soooo nice!
Will be interviewed on Media Buzz with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the #CNNDebate. #DemDebate
MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Jude's Charity
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
Via Breitbart - Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia
Mark--They could use you.
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Someone should informthat, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump.True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
Sorry link above not working. Here's good linkand Jeb - apologize!
Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!Thanks!
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
can't wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets. You sound like a very smart person!
That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!
Great Fox interview
Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally!
My interview withon #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow onat 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
They used to call Barry Diller the father of e-commerce-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet
Thank you.
Good luck! Enjoy.
#Yourworld Ifwins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win.
Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President I agree - thanks Dan!
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared. #DemDebate
Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??
California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID.
I'd rather seebe the debate moderator!
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
New Gravis Poll in NH just out:Trump 32%, Carson 13%
onThere is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him.
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
With this month's 224-pagebook Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate..
And he's still a consultant? For what?Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
I would like to nominatefor Speaker of the House What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)
. has no power,but so dishonest!
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
I enjoy everyspeech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODY's going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM.
rocks it everywhere he goes Thanks.
Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !
Great interview on #NewDay#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wackywho always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
. raninto the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations toand good luck in the future!
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
.Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
was great!is jealous that Trump didn't mention him. It's because SH is so wrong!
great interview Trump!
hope you win it all . Time for a change !!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
Trump Shuts down Cuomo. I am not getting out. I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional.
you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! #AlisaReal Thx
Your Doing GREAT!Thanks.
- don't let the media &amp; theelites push you out- Americans are with you! Thanks, I won't!
Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.So true!
Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though.
pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it
Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr!
Wow, great news! I hearof Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
True!
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!It's not going to happen with anyone else.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!
9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clownsand their totally dishonest reporting.
Will be interviewed onat 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6
My 2016 Vote will B based on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain NOT Eminent DomainAmericans need 2Prioritize
My choicejust finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air.
Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubio's idea
Thank you for taking on the Establishment.They don't know what to do, do they?
tired of FOX bashing Trump &amp; pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush
we know this and that's why you will be our next PresidentThank you.
Guess Barry Diller is afraidis about to upset the crony applecart. #Trump2016An angry fool!
Thank you!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT YOU HAVE MY VOTE.GREAT.
Website Exposing Marco Amnesty Rubio Goes Live: A Donor Class Puppet? - Breitbart
Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide.
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian
Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry.
I will be onwithtonight at 6PM.
Pew poll:holds commanding lead
Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! #trump2016Thank you.
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
. is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no it factor. Will fade fast.
You have my vote
If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.Nice!
TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL...
Thanks.
. made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump; certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio.
That was awesome, boss! #trump2016
No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited.
For all of my fantasticsupporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head
Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump via Washington Examiner
is fired up onSo are your supporters!! #Trump2016
This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger
Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time. Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this veryimportant job!
He did give tremendous praise for you this morning onKeep it up!Make America Great Again!
On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!So true!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for#Trump2016
YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDSFOR PRESIDENT!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!
DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! He's winning over others too #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I was so happy when I heard thatone of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
Love fest for DonaldTrump onjust now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
. Mark Levin interview was great
seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please don't go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU
I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThank you so much!
At leastcame to her senses #asksean
NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
see u Sat in GA !!Great!
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them!
Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING..
we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016
I hearis in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevantglad I didnt do his show.
I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IBelieve
Crookedhas given up advertising in Iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsI said nototal frauds!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in Americavia Bloomberg Politics
TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all y'all who go afterWILL FAIL#Trump2016
media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!
HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go #KeepingItReal
We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall. -So true!
WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great!
Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
I will be interviewed ontonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
great interview withThank you.
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root.
Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's stuff happens was taken out of context withtonight Thanks H!
i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBERThanks.
How can Illinois keepoff the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
This morning on-sit down within his NYC Campaign HQ #MTP
Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming presidentTeam has a great owner!
Will be interviewed byon at 10:00 A.M.
Will be interviewed byonat 10:30 A.M.
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!
Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016
Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support...via
I just watched D Trumps interview oni get more impressed everytime i hear him speak!#Trump2016-Thanks
Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!
we love trump
I am Hispanic and will vote for
WATCHFires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennesseevia
. is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've wonhe choked!
FYI #Trump2016 appeal grows!
P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump:
I enjoyedinterview withonNeed more interviews like that. Thanks.
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
Trumps Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve? by Jeff Bell
Thank youfor the great #SNL this week!!!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last establishment man standing against me.Great
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
it's sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump.
Please don't roll over . You are this country's last hope and our kids need you. Don't lose this deal !
Great Job Donald!!! Can't waite for you to be President and neither can America!!
is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real. Thank you!
How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted.
I will be interviewed bytonight onat 10PM.
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
The HUGEDonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on channel at 10am ET.
I like gutsy brave guys like #Trump #Reagan , I hate all those bloody hypocritesThank you.
Going to seetomorrow in franklin TN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Latestfindsat 37 percent approval,leading GOP in #Wisconsin.
Highly respected economistis a big fan of my tax planthank you Larry.
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success ofin Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!
GO TRUMP, OUR GUY
was right.wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why he's still running for his Senate seat#Trump2016
Overwhelming wins byin primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
Okay okaywas right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad.
Virginians stand with you sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
The more the Progressives &amp; RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!
Can't wait forto be the next pres.
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy!
great numbers #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThanks.
It's hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 9/30/15int'view
Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!
IFran more likeand less like McCain, he would've won. Failed campaign tactics.
Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald TrumpPastor Jeffres is a great guy!
. plays a way better fakethan a realplays herself
Tune in to see me onwithat 10am ET. Enjoy!
DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein &amp; Gaddafi than ISIS.
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon!
No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote T
Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough. True!
I think I just heardratings go up another 5% #Trump #SNL
Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity #Trump2016
I will be onwithtomorrow morning at 10:30am ET onEnjoy!
It'd be humorous to cull tweets from experts over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse
Ifbecomeswe will finally have aHall of Famer as President.
RT Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters#RT #CNN #HBO
ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RTWill be interviewed onat 8:30. #RT #CNN #HBO
Thank youfor the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
. Great interview on#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TRUMP
You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RT i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP #RT #CNN #HBO
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate.
DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!
Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!
who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country Thank you.
I watched lightweight SenatorMarco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
It's funny how they saydoesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies.
You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!
When are you coming to #virginiabeach? Very soon!
The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!He choked!
ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT
Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
CNBC's John Harwood Today We don't have Superman presidents No DonaldTrump replied ..But we WILL if you have Trump! #Trump2016
Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew PollJeb Bush in Free Fall #tcot
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they love each other.They don't - word is hate!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
congratulations Don that was a great interview
Thanks.
Just read that Trump has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point.
Watched the roast ofYou took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you nowGreat.
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hangingin upstate, New York.
WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks.
First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for!!
Dishonestjust called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
Hey Donald your not alone. I can't watch it at all. Used to be all i watched.
I will be doingat 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy!
Morning Consult poll: Trump Leads
The failingnews outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big
Do you ever notice that lightweightconstantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totallysexist. She is highly overrated!
Dishonestreporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward
Definitely watchs Danger Ahead. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America:
Incompetentlost it tonight onHe should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Hope we all enjoy tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE.
So happy about my daughterannouncement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
I thinkshould take another eleven day unscheduled vacation.
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the racehe is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK
Senator Marco amnesty Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
I will be on thetonight at 11:30
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs
Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this.
still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. #Trump2016
Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
Trump will win, I know it.
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference
#Trump2016
.announces his tax plan tomorrow morning
.Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
Will be doingwithtonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back...
I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed.
we are tired of lies. Trump 2016
They attack Trump for not giving policyis the most important detail, he WINS.
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
Will be onat 6:30 A.M.
EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S.I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field
. is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Will be onat 7:00 A.M.
. thepoll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to
Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real.
All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
At the Old Post Office-
Time for real change, TRUMP 16
. The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan-#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Do what most of us are doing! Turn offThere is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!
Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! #Trump2016
notice how your twits aboutare the most RT!We the American ppl love and want #Trump2016 !
I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen.
Thanks.
Thats exactly what I thought. We haven't had great leader since Reagan&amp;now Trump
Ex-wife Ivana Trump sayscan win, likely WILL win, and will be a great President.
Carl Icahn said this about me:I think at this moment in time, hes the only candidate that speaks out about the countrys problems.
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!
is the only one who can get us out of this mess!True!
MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!
The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energyby Wayne Allyn Root.
watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
. which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at
is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals.
Trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security
. has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll!
When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls -replies: It's cheaper than wall paper... Ha!
. owes me an apology for allowing clueless punditto use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
#TRUMp2016 would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Despite the establishment and the medias best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings forlast night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
Think about it. When's the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever
Headline reads Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? They're Incredible!!
will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?
Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30,000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!
Thank you
While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park.
. Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing'
Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate
Just watchedon television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill!
. why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
#CNNDebate
They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos.
Only 15 percent ofvoters said they would not backas the partys standard-bearer.
I had a great time at#AskTrump
New Zogby poll highly respected but the media wont report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!
Thanksandfor showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll! #trainwreck #Trump2016
Wow, great post-debate poll: Trump Increases Lead via Breitbart
Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message
I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!
that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!
No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016Thanks
you go trumpy, don't back downI won't.
love you trump
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
. was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC.not good for me!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
A great night in Iowa!
Via HuffPost Pollster #1
The way you have treatedis totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp;I had a great time in Iowa today!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow-
. #asktrump
. #asktrump
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami. Great.
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by#OnTheRecord
Jeb has been confused for forty years-
Thank you.
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I am having a really hard time watching
CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response
. #asktrump
. #asktrump
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs!
and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network
Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!
Therefused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead usednumbers where my lead is smaller.
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live fromlater this afternoon.
Couldn't agree more!
here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim
On the Muslim issue: It might helpif he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the A wonderful and talented guy!
More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!
. #asktrump
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far. Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
Will be interviewed tonight byonat 10 PM. Enjoy!
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes.
You dominate not because of them-but despite them;They need you more than you need them
Just announced that in the history oflast nights debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
I have been leading big in allpolls, with two more today,andThe NBC poll is more than double next,at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
. #asktrump
you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. It's a marathon.True.
On the Muslim issue: It might helpif he didn't take five years to visit Israel
I got to knowwellhes a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
Ive just released my position papers on The Second Amendment.
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win!
Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of Thanks Mark!
. #asktrump
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;AThanks for all your questions! #AskTrump
I will be onat 10:30.will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!
could you make your interview withany more biased or... #TrumpForPresident
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions.
I have been since you started running &amp; I noticed Meghan Kelly's attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure. Yes!
Can't even think what the race would be without you in it.
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!
-- Donald J. Trump
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#CNNDebate Winning thepoll-
Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family
There is no way that CarlyFiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
Will be on now. Enjoy!
- Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.
touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.
#AskTrump
. #asktrump
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believeis milking it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun!
Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.
Do you dream aboutHe's in your head. Let it go. She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.
You are great!!
#CNNDebate
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it!
. is truly one of the dumbest of the talkingheads - he doesn't have a clue!
. #asktrump
What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham.
they're not Trump haters. They're spoon fed morons.
this is bull fox. O'Reilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass
THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump: Enough With the Nice!via
. #asktrump
...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phonysays I will raise taxesjust another lie.
If I was 18 I'd vote forThank you!
To all my fans, sorry I couldnt do The Apprentice any longerbut equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said NO. Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and Ive been proven right.
. asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. Ill lower big league for middle class.
Ignore the losers and the haters, you aregoing to make this country great again
That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas!
Will be onat 8:00. Enjoy!
Oh wow, lightweight Governorwho is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Very good newsthe new Quinnipiac poll just came outI am #1 in Iowa.
. is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me just a little but is very false!
Amazing crowd outsideTune in tonight at 11:30.
You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.
Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!
I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for#TeamTrump
Thanks Mark, will be fun.
Donald Trump Sendsto Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months.that is #HUGE!
Congrats to my friendwho is doing next seasonsCelebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
Trumps Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times.
Looking forward to joiningTuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the- The Battleship of Presidents! Join us!
. thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here-
Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!
Jebs policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brotherswow!
Just purchased NBCs half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Onwithat 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
The Tonight Showwill be amazing - 11:30 P.M.ENJOY!
ViaAmateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal
Too many people on stage for debate.at 11th, with 2% inshouldn't be allowed to participate.
is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs
The polls are really looking good#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. Im turning down millions.
Whilerallies #NoIranDeal tomorrow,will call China to ask for donations
I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was
Vets mistreated, NO border security? Im withthis Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us!
blew it away onThe ratings will be HUUUGE.
please make this country great again &amp; help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope. #Trump2016
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
. I greatly appreciate your kind words last night onHave great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.
absolutely, he's just simply the best #realdonaldtrump
Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp;onat LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Backstage withbefore opening skit- great fun!
I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump Thanks.
Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong-
My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you.Great.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you
Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on- you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Ifdoesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump Nice, thanks!
My honor, thank you.
Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance ontonight. The young people are going to love him!
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son,didn't get the right gene.
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A letter toPresident Jeff Zucker-
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
Lets all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all
Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Yes.
Lightweight Senatorshould focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun!
you on Jimmy lastnight &amp; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much
I'll be onON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
The event with me andin L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone
Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
loved the show....trump2016
The numbers are amazing!#GoGoGo
Via The Hill No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him.
What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?He was fantastic, a total winner!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links. Luxury resort in #Doonbeg on Ireland's
I'm on Billtonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on. Probably true, but not nice!
At the neighborhood bar talking aboutwe need him We will make America great again!
Carson onnow. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info:
we want Trump! America needs him desperately!
Will be on Bill O'Reillytonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
I hated to love it, butwas hilarious onlast night!#thedonald
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Im self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big adsdesperate! Dont believe them.
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
The sold to lobbyists candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win.
You even made the show great again.
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%).
There's only one I'll never support:
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
. Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016
Go #Trump2016
Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract donations from others
is there something to learn fromsuccess? #Election2016
See, I told you so
For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to attack Trump. Remember when u see them
Saudi Arabia was vehemently against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.Will be great to be back in Texas.
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,before it is too late!
. Great job onthis morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
Rove is suffering fromdefeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The letter is out, liars.
Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.
A terrible deal with Iran!
BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI Great!
. should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical gotcha questions
Wake up Jeb supporters!
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
vote for Trump #Trump2016
Looking forward to being withat our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS...Megyn, say thank you Donald!also should say thanks!
We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!
do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker?
Check it out,all the way from Wyoming! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thankyou.
No more Clintons or Bushes!
#Trump2016unofficial fight songviaSuch hard work and imagination-thanks
it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars
#TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even aschanged subjects abruptly,spoke from heart.
He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff.spilled beans about 25k Thank you!
Just announced that because of Trump, advertising rates for debate onare going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?
Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never MaterializedNot good!
You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump Thank you.
Thank youfor your powerful words onI am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WINtogether!
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Terrific response to my previous tweet: Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
. I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
So nice, thank you Laura.
Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization
No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except jobs
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us.
My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD! Thank you
No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except jobs pres
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Will be onin 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...
Im turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsfeel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen onwith
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions. He is a joke!
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, onyou would think I'm doing poorly.
They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.
as long as we can stay strong and giveour support. He's the leader.
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. #Trump2016
I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Will be interviewed onthis morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
. was terrible onyesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V.can do so much better!
Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, that's why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump So true!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the bosses and owners of candidates. I am self funding.
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live fromnow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why onlyhas not reported this? Too bad!
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
If the presidential election were held today, according to thispoll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem:
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert.
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll
Trump Leads as Bush CrashesNo #GOP establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchupThank you!
This is no act of love as Jeb Bush said
Why doesandalways have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016Sadly, so true!
Look forward to being in DC tomorrowbig crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate onHe is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy!
Thank youfor your strength &amp; wonderful words last night onbutis easy to beat!
#Trump is the Real Deal, Baby. Thank you.
For those that dont think a wall (fence) works, why dont they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!
Will be interviewed onat 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016
onlycan save us form this turmoil #Trump2016 Perhaps so!
No hope for Jeb Bush anymore,has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!
Trump wins
... I LIVED IN NY WHEN TACKY PATAKI WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
True, thanks.
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the teamno interest!
Trump for President of the USA
Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finallyspeaking up. Just politicians!
DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! Roll Trump Roll #TrumpInAL #Trump2016
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
Who wants the endorsement of a guy ( who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
Thank you Greta.
Because he speaks &amp; acts like a real person; not like a slimy, calculated politician.
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP.
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix butsaid the rooms capacity is just over 2000. But said BernieSanders had 11,000 in same room.
No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception ofLeadership!
I liked The Kelly File much better withoutPerhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
When people start losing their savings &amp; home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA
BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans....via
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember read my lips, no more taxes). GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
Love 'em or hate 'emis changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call.
. must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a fence. It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!
Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox.
. You were absolutely great onThank you.
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
In a clumsy move to get out of his anchor babies dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
. Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT
. just watched you onThank you for your nice comments.
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sirThank you.
Thank you
Thank you to thefor the accurate and very discriptivestory on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
CongratsYou just got 4 points in your home state of SCfar better than zero nationally. Youre only 26 pts behind me.
Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Great job ontonightWe are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
Thanks.
Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump
Will be interviewed on thethis morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination
#ToughTimes NEED A #ToughPRESIDENT #SilentMajority is back &amp; #Trump will handle #IranDeal &amp; #ISIS
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself!
Via The Brody File: The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald TrumpThank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.
Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!
ViaTRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT-
The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long .
. did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Trump Wins Tea Party Group's 'Nashville Straw Poll' - Newsmax GREAT, THANK YOU!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
. covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.
Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for presidentvia
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump#usa....Trump 2016 !!!
Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.should've disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton &amp; Univision is being sued by
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folkswas largest crowd of political season. Nice!
Depression- be careful of China!
Thank youI am going to Make America Great Again!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL
She has come back looking like Nancy Grace
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second.
Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank.
People always take cheap shots at you,they can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards.
. You did a great job hostingEverybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Great job tonight onTony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me-
That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!! #USA#America
he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !#Trump #tcot #Election2016
The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From #DonaldTrumpForPresident
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday-
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
It has just been confirmed bythe City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it#1for pol season.
HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. #OhMe
Will be interviewed bytonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm
Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
Why doeskeep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
Walker &amp; Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 They sound like boys compared to Trump.
Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader likeThe rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!
. you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. - Thank you and great job ontonight!
You're iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016So nice, thank you.
You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
It felt Like a moment of silence when U saidDOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interview #Trump2016
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz.
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term anchor babies, offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
Oh really, check out innocentdiscussion onshow 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!
It amazes me that othernetworks seem to treat me so much better thanI brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes!
loved you on #Hannity speaking truthhas awakened Patriots all over this Great Country.
Two explanations onthat seem no longer sufficient: 1) It's early.2) It is all a media creation.
Our campaign store is officially open! Visitto shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back!
The best Immigration Policy yet! Time forto #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And &amp;- watch and learn
New CNN/ORC poll:#1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!
DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP
Great!
People dont understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presthe Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folkswere GREAT!
I truly believeis America's best choice to get our economy back on course &amp; create needed jobs.
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd party OPTION
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful womanWhat a couple!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit-- it is selling fast!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support:
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
Will be interviewed bytonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
. you can do much better than you did tonight onBetter luck tomorrow!
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals!
. cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit--- it is selling fast!
Our online store is officially open! Visitto shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday forphoto shoot.
Another great poll result! Thank you!
why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
. I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
It does matter!
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit--- it is selling fast!
DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed
Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn.
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that Trump will be treated fairly onHis word is always good!
must apologize. My statement we're going to get them out so fast, so quick applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!
On the cover ofMagazinea great honor!
. andshould change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED&amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
: TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump
I will be interviewed onShow at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
Listening toon way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. #August
Our online campaign store is open! Visitfor #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!
Why isallowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
. had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #DonaldTrump
Will be in New Hampshire and then onSpecial at 9 PM tonight.
agree. One of the things that is good abtis he's forcing others out of status quo politicking.
.Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. Theshamers can't win against El Rushbo
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatalbludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
. You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so muchyou are a loyal friend!
So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!
Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!
. Melaniaand I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so.
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Every Time I seeaddress a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! #AmericanPride is Back #Trump2016
Not under my watch-
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you.
agreed. We needas president ASAP.
Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!
I want talented people to come into this countryto work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visitto shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
. Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Behind the scenes video with Uncle Sam (eagles name) and me.
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again!
Many of Hillarys donors are the same donors as Jeb Bushsall rich, will have total controlknow them well.
#KellyFile #WTF? You do realizeisnt the #GOP enemy -is.
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger
Thanks.
final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina
is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12%even after&amp;tried to take him out.
#GoTrump #GOP #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
. your so-called focus groups are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Newsmax poll 65% APOLOGIZE!
backs down from nobody!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Despite the hype,wins the debate by a wide margin.
Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't.
you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president
Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump
Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support.
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though thetrio, especiallywas not very good or professional!
I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited aboutdon't let us down! We believe! #landslide
Thank you.
So many politically correct fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president.
TRUMP DOMINANT screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times. #Trump2016
I gotta havein the White House that'd be such a game changer
The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared totell you all you need to know.
Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll#StraightTalk#ccot #tcot #2A
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor!
your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!
. is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
I will be ontonight onat 8 PM and 11 PM.
it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again!
Almost universal support that Trump won the debate. Onlyis consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
Re Megyn Kelly quote: you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased.
Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerityon the other hand Hillary is a total liar
I'm getting a lot ofhatemail tonight.#GOPDebate She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite
your rocked &amp; won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump
TIME POLL:wins the first #Republicanpresidentialdebate by Wild Margin#Politics
Megyn could have done a far better job*
Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out,was not fair to Trump
You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's
We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!
I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
ROBINSON: Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want....Thank you!
92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump
The only reason most viewers will be watching the #RepublicanDebate tonight...
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too
They tried to take you out &amp; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, notmoderators.
My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald
I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking loveHe speaks the truth!
Tonights, The GOP akashow. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??
Excellent job!You are real &amp; everyone saw that 2nite! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SilentMajority
. I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. weakness.
. who does a show called Bob Massi Is The Property Man onreally knows his stuff--a total pro!
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground.
Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo will consider other programs!
Thank youreaders- a great honor!
Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate
WAS A DISASTER ALSO.
When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out
my vote remains for trump!
oh yeahyou don't want it to be all about Trump- he's # 1 not #17
Anyone would be lying if they said they werent tuning in to watch#FoxDebate
Sure they want Mr. Trumpout. He can't be bought. #notapuppet
. I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins&amp; so where did you find that dumb panel.
winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016
Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.True!
Wow! What a great honor from
Sunset reflects ontower in Las Vegas. What a view!
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability
is that all you've got??? Haha.
I expected better fromwondering what is her hidden agenda.
All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016! I do love winning!
poll:winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12%10%
Wow! What a great honor from
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Newsmax poll 65%Another debate win!
Dear, your attempted hatchet job onwas unbecoming &amp; a total failure.
best response ever!Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit.
Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
I look forward to tonight's debate -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
Wow,really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
The biggest loser in the debate wasYou can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!
. you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
make America great again. We're running out of time!
Small crowds attoday in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be votingon Election Day.
AmyMekAmen!has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!
Thank youCall me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald. Thanks.
the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don
Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters.
Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again
The hatred that clownhas for me is unbelievablecauses him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.
#Trump only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a#politician#tcot
....Dopeyshould be fired.
we love #TrumpForPresident &amp; thankful
We'll be watching.2016! Will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain:
#GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016
AMERICA WANTS TRUMP
is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more.
I will be interviewed ontomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!! Thanks.
PerWhy does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.--Albert Einstein
WE LOVE U TRUMP
Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!
DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA!twitter edge
He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
I love the fact you can't be bought...
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors
Wow, did thefall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
looking forward to it!
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
We can make Washington work for us. Its time for real leadership. Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice, we want truthfulness
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time.
Thank youfor throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
. &amp;did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Great.
I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump.
Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016
Carl Cameronis the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
While Im beating my opponents in the polls, Im also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
ViabyShock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20%in Florida
. Polls show [ would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today.
TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD.....
Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
-- Henry Ford
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner.
Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!
.DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom.
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow.
Trump is surging, leading,&amp; breaking EVERY poll because #TrumpIsRight #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Obamas nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Will be interviewed onat 7:3O. Enjoy!
will win every state in 2016.
ViabyTRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDNT ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARYS EMAIL WAS CRIMINAL
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesnt know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
.Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
. will get things done for America
He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016
It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
#ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
Difference Between Politicians and=
Pols Are Bought &amp; Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering.lies.
- #Trump2016
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.Ronald Reagan
Bush is pretending that the Trump surge is great for him and theisreporting Bush delight - con job, a Bush nightmare!
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards.
My #GOPDebatequestion for the other candidates-
Latinos for Trump believes in Trump
There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever! Thanks
That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth andstands by it.
RTI will be interviewed ontomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
Despite the falsestory about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Thank you for your service!
Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can.
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesnt get it.
Watch my interview withontoday at 11:30AM ET
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillarys private illegal emails. Humas PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
Trumps the Man of 2016!
huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!
Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it.
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!
Like Trump more &amp; more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp; understand, He loves USA
.CNN &amp; Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water.
Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump
You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow.
I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016
We have to vote for! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements onGreat seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy!
Thank youfor your nice comments onA lot of progress is being made!
TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH
. Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
Thank you.
The alpha male in the 2016 race:
He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp; he's his own backer
I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you.
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
GIVE THEM HELL.
I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes
you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016
attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction.
veterans for Trump 2016
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they wont be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Agreed! We need you!
ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault.
He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? #Trump2016
Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS.
#DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing(poll), and by a big margin. Dummymust be thrilled!
Thanks.
vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE.
. You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand &amp; who's over stayed his welcome?
Thanks Lou.
ViaTrump Doubled Down -- and It Worked
More people r gravitating tobecause they're tired of all the usual BS
AMEN. Thank you Trump
unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT
I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Lets Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016
. despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
In full support offor #POTUS! No reason he shouldn't win thenomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored.
PLUNDER AND DECEIT
viaby
Team Trump all the way!
and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.
Via cnsnews byTrump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'
If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals
Whoa!shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great
Viaby Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire
Thank youfor your nice words. I am rapidly becoming afan!
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our countryincompetent leader!
Caughtspeech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas.
Great news, Im now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining.
Hats off tofor sticking it to liberal msm.A horrible newspaper, failing badly.
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again!
. is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile,is speaking the truth. #Trump2016
#Twendency Tweet of the Hour in USA politics #9pm by
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump whilegets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Will be interviewed tonight onat 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus.
DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!
Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people
. was fantastic tonight onThank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I just listened to this speech and loved it!
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Womens British Open there this week. Ill go for two days &amp; back on trail.
The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep
is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue.
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Thank you, Greta.
College students love trump. Never change.Great.
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things
McCain hasn't done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself!
Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Lets Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016
America needs! #Trump2016 #BuildTheFence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed &amp; calls out their lies
veterans for Trump 2016
Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls..
We SHALL make America great again.
Thank youfor the great job you did onGreat energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016
Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump True!
. Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump.
Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bentviaby&amp;
We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. #Trump2016
toast. Dems had better get theB Team off the bench.for Attorney General under President Trump
I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!
. is a big contributor to. Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macys.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one ofworld's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
. While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watchI will win!
Myint. withon Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again!
JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb....
DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !
Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true, they're incompetent. #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
you got my voteThanks.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again!
Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE.
&amp; Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two fromabout making America great again
MSM can't push DonaldTrump around.No More PC Political Hacks!
ViabyStrong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls
Ill be ontonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!Enjoy.
. who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2%
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True
No wonder whyis ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
.DonaldTrump: Askwhy he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with thePotawatomi
TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
What a waste of time being interviewed bywhen he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp; telling it like it is!
We don't know Trump positions &amp; he's dominating polls.should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP
Here's a crazy thought.Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?
. watched youonMade some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Heycheck out Access Hollywood: Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!
Great!
Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!
Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run!
Be sure to get a copy ofnew book, American Hunter.
In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting.Woke up about 300 Million people
Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there.
. watched you onYou were great and I appreciate the nice statements. Im sending out for your new book now!
True!
Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer #CNN
Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is. Will never happen!
Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion.
I like. He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not what you wanna hear.
mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!
Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her.
Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!
Trump in office restores US swagger.
Thank you It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well!
MCCAIN WHO? #Vets Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation
reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like is he for real Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD
True, thanks.
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We cant send another politician to the White House
Boycottno guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is offended by what you say. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I don't care what people say, I loveconfidence
.Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
Great read:How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'
Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!Thank you.
is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!
please be carefulThank you!
Thanks.
. you were terrific ontonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Lets Make America Great Again!
In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!
. knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again!
Will be interviewed byontonight. Lets see if he treats me fairlyenjoy!
Don't let the press put words in your mouth! Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!
America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald
True!
if trump is not on that stage no one will watchSo true!
Thank youfor your commentary last night onVery fair -- we are making progress together!
No matter whatsays the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion
keep punching, Donald!Trump it!!Trump is telling the truth!
. Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%.Thanks.
Youre just not getting thereSometimes things just dont work out, but dont worry--- no problem!
I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits &amp; take them from disabled Vets
Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS
Via @ BreitbartNews byDONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER
clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!
Lets Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again!
Isnt it amazing thatpaid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Arriving to check out the border.
Via Economist/YouGov 7242015 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#DEBATE If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
True, thanks.
1/2 of new California drivers licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee, July 17th. Go get'em, Trump!
I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON.
Shouldnt George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!
We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!
I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going.
MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo.
Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
Donald Trump on VA woes: Id fire everybody; you fix it by getting Trump electedviaby
ViabyBrody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban
ViabyDONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL
travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back
you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it
Big poll just out byhas me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
. in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite!
. has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
Many are missing the point, the US needsto get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.
the Donald is crushing it
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!
The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe
is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS
True.
WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump
Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more
If all the Hispanics hate thewhy was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?
Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions.
GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'.
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittlingNo Fox!
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendousenergy!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right.
hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military.
I'm #africanamerican &amp; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!
Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016
Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv.
...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH
#Trump support surges even higher after #McCain statement. Why?Trump is a fighter. #GOP
I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!
WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa
the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!
Response to the Des Moines Register-
your the only person who really wants to save America
#DonaldWillBeTheGOPNominee!
America needs!!!#Trump2016
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You nailed it ontonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us
Voters LIKE tough and smart... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!
You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!
Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!
Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty.Thank you.
Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!
Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all aboutand nothing about BernieSanders
FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain!
Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!
has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it
Wow, new preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago!
.You're one of the truly great competitiors. Ive said it for years. Great going winning- Not surprised!
I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
trump for president
doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own manSo true.
I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump
...what do you say now???
I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets.
Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty
They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them
Keep going Mr trump America needs you
All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone
. is much smarter than sleepy eyesThanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters.
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
Look how small the pages have becomeLooks like a tabloidsaving money I assume!
ViaMother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing
Gotta love the honesty
but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POWMcCain lies.
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down.
This story is no longer about John McCain, its about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle.
It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people thinkKeep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday
Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!
RTMypiece: Trump: I don't need to be lectured
Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists
...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE
. - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR
John McCain called thousands of people crazies when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America
Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-
you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica
don't get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth.
#Trump2016 #Trump #TrumpForPresident
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
I will be interviewed ontonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
The ever dwindlingwhich is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
that's all the career politicians do is talk
This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is whyresonates!
Proud of youkeep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is
Can't Be Bought- #2016election
Viaby&amp;Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering
SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These #veterans are living in hell. #OReillyFactor
ON TOPThe GOP, Democrats and media have all hitHeres the result:
Mypiece: Trump: I don't need to be lectured
check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records
I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald.
I'm very sure thatdoes things excellently
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldnt care less about inclusion
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job.
I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. #Trump2016
Will make the best President ever
Keep going on,you can win!
I'm going to listen toLONG before I listen to georgelopez #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
we need your help Donald! Make us great again!
If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?
. really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I wont forget.
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!
it doesn't matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS
for our next President !!
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but&amp;is just plain dumb!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
. Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans.called them crazies--must apologize!
it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Lets Make America Great Again!
.
Amazing!
Thank you.
CNN: New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up
if you don't win I'm moving to Europe. We will all win together!
FLASHBACKDonald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastors Freedom in Iran via
The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision.
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
DopeyODonnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night!had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
30,000 MACYS CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP viaby
. failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
. should not putonhe has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
I literally give a fist pump when I seetell things the way they are &amp; calling out those with no credibility
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Lets Make America Great Again!
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
. should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is. So true!
Thehas your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!
I will make this right for our great Vets!
GO TRUMP
Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere &amp; no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that
Thank you.
. makes me proud to be an American So nice, thank you!
Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.#Iran
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
Irrelevant clownsweats and shakes nervously onas he talks bull about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Why do people listen to clownonSpent $430M &amp; lost all racesa Bushy!
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.
Ratings starvedanddoes not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
I hope the boycott ofcontinues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
Via
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
kick there ass Trump
. just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
I'm on the #TrumpTrain2016
God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now. -
Thank you Piers.
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas,for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
Via
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, isHokey garbage. New York show even worse!
. Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! #FactCheck #QuitHatin'
And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists.
More Bush cronyismJeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail
Its the Bush way!
we never shopped at Macy's anyway &amp; will now encourage three daughters not to as well
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.Ronald Reagan
This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
. You shouldnt haveon the airhes a clown with zero credibilitya Bushy!
. wasted $400 million + and didnt win one racea total loser.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Looking forward to speaking at theReagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
The liberal clown told her minions at the money losingto cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
I loved firing goofball atheist Pennon The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
. You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.Best wishes.
ViaMarch,2013: Jeb said he was open topathway for citizenship for illegal immigrantsLying on campaign trail!
Response to Huffington Post-
They are great people!
It's driving&amp; the money losingpost crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
ViaTrump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery
It's way worse than we know.Just read#AdiosAmerica-be educated!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
ViaDonald Trump: John McCain Is A Loser
ViabyTrump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery
Why would anybody listen toHe lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Viaby Steve Bannon: TIME TO GET TOUGH: TRUMPS BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO
Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speechpacked house.Love it!
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
I hearshow on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,show would have died long ago.
your what America needs Donald!Thank you.
Statement on John McCain-
Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll
Wow, just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain
AMAZING press conference byw/ parents of kids killed by illegals.
has all of my support!!
as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here Thx
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
It would be to cool ifwas the president. Thanks!
. Great talking to you and your parentsfantastic people. Keep your sisters very important memory alivebig impact!
.is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via)
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Viaby
The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, he's the man for the job. I'd love to see him Prez.
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
I love that thousands of people are boycottingand cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal, via
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
Who do you want negotiating for us?
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
EXCLUSIVEDONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARYviaby Katie McHugh
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote.
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Lets Make America Great Again!
Has anyone seen the financials ofThey are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'
viaby Jason Devaney
Mexicos totally corrupt govt looks horrible with El Chapos escapetotally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
Would the people of US prefer a liaror a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, Mexico is sending...., which turned out to be true?El Chapo
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against illegal immigration into him hating all immigrants
Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !! #Trump2016Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !
ViabyDonald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles
ViaWHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Matt Harvey-- Don't let theget you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country.
I absolutely support Kates Lawin honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
Sleep eyesis killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION.
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our borderit's been revealed he has CA drivers license.
Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!
The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again!
Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center.
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Lets Make America Great Again!
The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again!
Thanks.
LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories &amp; warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was avacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know #Illegals are a huge problem!
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
I love what you want to do with this country!!
Huffington Post hasin first place in the polls
True, thanks.
I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Part of me really, really likesThe man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit.
Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word
Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP.
ViabyPolls show President Trump may not be so far-fetched
ViabyTRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX
. Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of great accomplishment should easily quality for prez.
Response to Hillary Clinton-
Via TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE CRIME WAVE LIKE YOUVE NEVER SEENvia
Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. #Truth
Isnt it interesting that now that Im #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
Please follow...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!
TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Lets Make America Great Again!
love you, please fix america!
Greatsegment withBreaking Down the Trump FactorLet's Make America Great Again!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volumeviaby
Dummy Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Rush Limbaugh: Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
ViabyFather of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our leaders can't say no!
when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article:
Why does a failed magazine likeconstantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down.
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved toBuild a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again!
There's no republican field at all. When theis in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016
BoycottandMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I'm on tonight&amp; @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses.
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN!As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.
The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!
Very nice - has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14%
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Lets Make America Great Again!
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
I hear that sleepy eyeswill be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
Have some fun with this-
Viaby Katie McHugh:POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's
Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?Everywhere!
ViabyTrump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'
SAY IT LOUD &amp; SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week
I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACYS CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.I told you so!
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexicothrough the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!
Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!
Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations...viaI just signed up to support Mr. Trump
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Lets Make America Great Again!
I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine
Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!
Viaby Fredy Riehl: Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#2016
Me too. No more shopping at Macy's.
If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on.
I have a Macy's store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watched chief negotiator for Iran onlast night. He is far smarter than our repsincrease sanctions and walk!
has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts
now I know where not to watch or shopaccount closed
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting theircredit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident
gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem
Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC &amp; will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth.
not shopping there again!
ViabyPastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement
. Thank you for being so fair this morning onappreciated.
Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald
ViaStop Complaining About Donald Trump
is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Totally false reporting on my call withPriebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a nerve, doing well, end!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit &amp; Run of Family.is not wrong. #Trump2016
America will be restored under Mr. Trump..God Bless America.
Saw where you supportedonto be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you.
donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Lets Make America Great Again!
I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama
ViaSee, Trump Told You So
Don't worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too
The huff post pollster hastrump in first place ahead of jeb bush
DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!
As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester &amp; crowd was energized &amp; hungering 4 real leadership.
. U were great last niteon FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people.
I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION! Thank you!
Thank youI will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
.Thank you for your support this morning onEven more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up.
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up theircredit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president
Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did
God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC.
Krauthammer sold some books, now His Pomposity thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!
I'm not sure why people are madhe really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for #President.
If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, i'd be as rich asI'm happy as hell he's running! #Trump2016
just readgoing to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday That is correct. I look forward to it
The Establishment GOP out in force tonight trying to discreditCongrats Donald you've got them nervous.
most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought.
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL!
DearI greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
FlashbackJeb Bush saysillegal immigrants breaking our laws is an act of loveHe will never secure the border.
a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else
good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real
Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump. #Trump2016 Thank you.
&amp;couldn't carry's gym bags. #Trump2016
&amp; rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like- #immigration affects everything in society.
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
I agree! Romney needed #Trump's cajones - all I'm saying!
Prayingcontinues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!
ViaGAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB
Thank you--- As you know I have been saying this for a long time
#Trump #thedonald 3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes Americans
stay strong D.The last thing America needs is the same old politician.
Dummy writerfrom failingmagazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important
Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times
:How is it possibleis having a 4th of July sale, when it's against Freedom of Speech?
People rarely say that many conservatives didnt vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
.We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it . Thank you!
MUST READ-It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football starSECURE THE BORDER!
RUBIOS GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALSMarco is a politician-he flip flops!
keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!You are correctly presenting what people want.
the blue! I don't care WHATsays orScrew them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident
Saw where you supportedonto be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you. Thanks Ted!
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
ViabyDonald Trump and the End of Free Speech
ViabyTRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'
Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!
Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades.via
Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs ofand#LETSDOTHISAMERICA
Viaby Ben Graham: Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim
More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump&amp;respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump
BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support
Dummyfrom failingmagazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no.
both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely
#Trump keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL!
Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!
I will be onthis morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trump's comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context
that speech was inspiring Trump I'm with you
#obama called them gangbanger &amp; criminals
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Lets Make America Great Again!
NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!
never voted but your getting my vote
My Grandma from #Seattle and Mom in #Nashville just said they won't shop atagain.
Great article byon: Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
Mris the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense.
It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!
You never give up Hope you win.you're my #1 choice #Trump2016 #ProudAmerican
amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!
This is why we needHe tells it like it is!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our countrys core. We must build a wall!
you are next President USA Make America Great Again!
You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!
ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals.
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!
I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean Thx
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it.
Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton
In Chicago we're still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!
only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land
Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online &amp; millions of us will continue to buy your products.
hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight
#Trump2016
TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP. #Trump2016 #Eleccion2015 #USA #GOP
only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump.
The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!
I didn't know Macy's was still in business. Oh well, still not going there.
TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE GANG BANGERSvia
Macy's stock drops after coming out in support of #illegals dust up withand public #BoycottMacys
This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals.
Donald Trump can't be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader.
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
He says what others are too afraid to say; the truth!
Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !
I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. #Trump2016
Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #Trump2016
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
ViabyTrump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration
Yes In Deed!! #TrumpforTriumph
The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it.
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe borderWe need a wall!
I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him.
. what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
TRUMP IS THE MAN
id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. Youve got my vote
I'm probably going to vote forsimply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees.
thank you for standing up for America let's make this country great again!
Cta driver just tweaked I'm voting for
Say it LOUD &amp; PROUD*** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!
is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully.
Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!
Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard.
is not a politician, he's the leader that America needs
I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio
. you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpNation #TrumpForPresident
full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!
Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration(via
shame on you Macy's. Whatever happened to freedom of speech #cancelingmycard
In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
But still, we put our trust inand he FAILED us.
. More than a few voters may #PlayTheTrumpCard! #backlash
Obama calls immigrants gang bangers&amp;criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people
So ready forto do this! Keep it up, you've got 'em scared!
ViabyNYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is Not the American Way
Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!
you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!
you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth
your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs #Trump2016
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community.
I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Thanks.
The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians.will set it straight!
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
STAND WITH TRUMP 2016
for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump. Thank you.
ViabyMatchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa
Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken
Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up #DonaldTrump
I supportand I as well will no longer give my business to. #Trump2016Great!
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
sucks whensays what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation. We need border security!
you're the only reason I'm registering to vote &amp; first president I'm donating to!!Thanks.
just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say ALL are criminals &amp; rapists .. #ProudAmerican#NoLying
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again!
New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing &amp; durable goods go -We need leaders who understand business.
So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?
ViabyAlways Play On Offense
If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an honest POTUS.
A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. - President Ronald Reagan
is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you.
Remember, Univision apologized!
Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact.
Interesting thatcriticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!
Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO
You have Lib media scrambling..I just freak'n love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!
Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to.
Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! #Trump2016
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees-
don't worry... we clearly don't have an illegal alien criminal problem. #AdiosAmerica
Like him or notsays EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. #Election2016
Yes, strange that Trump is surging in the polls for saying what other GOPS too stupid to say.
ViaMark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and shes not treated this way!
Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!
They look bad.screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right &amp; they know it!
ViabyTrump: We look like were beggars in Iran nuclear talks
ViaDonald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate
Who isto pretend innocence when they racial profile all over the place? Paid big fine!
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
It says a lot aboutwhen they firebut keep Brian Williams andon the payroll. #tcot
Great statement and it's finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!#GotMyVote
is our only hope#tcot
will speak @ #Chicago city club today; Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!
Vote for Trump, he's making America to where we won't worry about illegal immigrant problems.
Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America
I'm done with Macy's. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job
I truly believe you can bring America back to great.You don't cower
to the media, lobbyists or anyone else.
Via Huffington Post Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runnerby Igor Bobic
I am really likingWe NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH.
lDonaldTrumpKeep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote
Watch me on thetonight at 8PM.
Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards. #YouJustGotTrumped Great.
. was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- wouldve been swamped if he ran again!
Or at least give it back in oil
sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues.
Just deleted theapp off my phone. It's a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. #BoycottMacys
is the bigot.andonly speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants
if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i'd trust Trump
I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude.
Trump Gives 'Em Hellvia
.couldnt be elected dog catcher if he ran againso he didnt!
It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?
For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, I'll vote for
Via World Tribune The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale by Jeffrey T. Kuhner
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
LOVE the TRUMP!
. Please send me your new number, your old ones not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp;SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott
I've waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman.
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Statement on Relationship with NBC-
. stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up theircredit card. Thank you!
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength
thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack.
Why doesnt somebody study the horrible charges brought againstfor racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycottThey are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration.
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!
. the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!
I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except#MakeAmericaGreatAgainThroughTrump
wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness
Macy's sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America.
taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasn't true
knows what he's talking about. Please don't give us another Bush as president.
I'm Latina/ Legal &amp; fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!
Thank you Ted.
don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!! I promise!
now I know you're smart! See you soon.
#TCOT #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
NBC=censorship. I'm done with them
Get ready fortonight at 8- always interesting!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy.
My recent statement re:-- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!
My many MEXICAN friends fly to visit Mexico because UNSAFE border
Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional.
Viaby Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel
I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!
Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True.
I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country.
Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!
Thought ur interview wwas inspiring. U speak the truth.
Wait Mhndz,you have 5 mins to prove to me that doesn't support the latinosif u do i'll paypal u $1k.
.AndersonThank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians.
i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader Thank you.
Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primary
#WakeUpAmerica the media has shown its true colors.
I will not shop at Macy's. I am with you Mr Trump!
Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be.
Now this is thewe have come to knowAt least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC.
Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it.
to pay $650,000 settlement over racial profiling... Boycott Macy's.
I knowwill be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016
Every working class (every color) knows Trump &amp; wants to be rich like him - faces light up
NBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other wayviaby
Everyone loves Donald because he'll tell it like it is without any political sugar-coating &amp; double-speak.
Politiciandidn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history.
New national 2016 GOP poll from-leads field,second.
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it tosleep. Dead T.V.
This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! #Trump2016
Don't let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP. I will!
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
Myinterview onTrump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'
I appreciateand his straight talk.Our country needs this.
enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one
Univision wants to back out of signedcontract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!
Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. #Trumpforpresident
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare.
He's firing up the GOP base. #crushingit
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winnerThank you!
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why Trump poll numbers are high.
Trump for President! TRUMP2016!
Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President I agree!
I'm definitely voting forI would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!
Donald trump is the man Thanks.
. A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
ViaTrump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATES ANTI-BUSH
I'll be voting for Mr. Trump
Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again!
Bill O'Reilly's interview with Trump:Q&amp;A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote!
I'm voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016 Great.
Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with#Trump2016
WE ARE GONNA NEEDIN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED #MakeAmericaGreatAgain True.
Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT
ViabyTrump Surges in Popularity in N.H.
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it! Thanks!
is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?
Inwe trust.. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with Trump - actually, you always knew!
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have #Trump2016 say it like it is!
You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
Unlike #Obama....he can think outside the box! #Trump2016 ~
The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey.
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
. had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
A great article by
spelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo ofin my office and his $$ requesttotal hypocrite.
Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party
UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs.
#Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
. song, Rockin In The Free World was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didnt love it anyway.
is Americas only chance. He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
THE&amp;ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH #CORRUPT POLITICIANS
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
GOP: Trump's Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart
Letter to- Re:
Why notHe knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp. #DonaldTrump #foxandfriends
RT Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth.
Thank you.
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
not being a career politician is an asset. I'm on board trump can make America great again.
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
Must read article viaDONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO
Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!Great.
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott
go get em!! How does it feel to be the next POTUS? #Trump2016 Thanks for the spirit!
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream.
thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess.
The greatest social program is a job -Donald Trump
Very strong start, Mr. President! Thanks.
. cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016Cute.
Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?NO!
.I was atwhenannounced president bid. He's got my vote.
I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man.
I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area! #IBelieve #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote.
You have my vote Mr. Trump, give 'em hell.I will.
DonaldTrumpHe would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either
would be the best president#DonaldTrumpforPresident
Once again the Bush appointedSupreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote forin 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!
Donald trump files statement of candidacyvia
Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America My great honor!
ViabyDefying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official
Go get 'em Donald.
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland-
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just out, the new nationwidepoll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
America should be so lucky to haveeven consider leading our nation Thank you.
Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i.
Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
. stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thoughtwas going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic. True.
Only a fool will underestimate #Trump2016. Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him.
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. Its a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???Good question!
My latest piece onwinning the foreign policy race. #Trump2016
Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didnt attend because hes boring &amp; often wronga total dope!
Sadly, I will no longer be doingat 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
. who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
great article .. At least #thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know!
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantagesmart!
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
-loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced. Bill O is great.
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.
Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers
. Trump Has Best Shot in General Electionvia
He really is a great business man and gets the job done right. So true!
Because they're AFRAID of you! #Trump2016 #American
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father.
. was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week.should not allow this conduct!
Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! #Trump2016
You've got my vote!!
I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman #power #donaldtrump
So how many more days until you are in office? #PresidentTrump #Letstalkbusiness
I'm just about done with Fox news!
DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.So true.
Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA.
. still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue!
Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump
Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! #Trump2016
The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn.
you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win Thanks.
I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race.
Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!
If youre a betting man, its time to start believing Donald Trump
Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time. True.
I like Mexico and love the spirit ofMexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Trump,you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog
I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016
theyre all jealous of your success #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thanks.
ViabyExclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks offor the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
I watched theinterview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
.Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it?
The establishment fears Trump! They are afraid to make America great again.
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
I've waited to vote forsince I was little. I can't wait for 2016
ViabyDonald Trumps resume backs his run for president
Thank you.
ViabyDonald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress
Donald trump will do this countrygood! He is a businessman &amp; will know how to grow our economy
Why didbeg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Lets make sure everyone can achieve the American dream!
A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016
Has Charlesever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every wayMake America Great Again!
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp; our signature restaurant, Sixteen
Finally somebody with real intelligence &amp; leadership is runnig for president Mr#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
can't wait for debates! DT will crush them Could happen!
The only person running for President that will not betray Americafor money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!
George Will was a big Iraq fool.$2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy.
Let's get the Trump trending #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheDonIsComing #TrumpCard #Vets4Trump
.Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it. True!
Its pretty clear thatwould absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate &amp; i really wanna see it happen.
I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp; see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!
Watch my appearance on- great interview!
it's amazing how people fear a change for the better
Just watched Brian Williams on- very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over atStop apologizing
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zellbut nobody says they went bankrupt!
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be #Trump16
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people
indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!
Carl Icahn: Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That We Are In A Bubble Like You've Never Seen Before
Believe they are worried you may win!
Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president #gretaThank you, so true
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace ofMike was a total pro!
You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!
True.
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow: After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs -
I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem, IMO!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
FlashbackJeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 Guess who was POTUS then?
Ive been saying Donald trump for preZ since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U
Thank youfor your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump, a master negotiator, can make America great again. True!
ThanksReally nice! Im glad I did your show.
Entrepreneurs: Dont sell yourself short. Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best.
Enjoyed watchinganalysis of myinterview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thanks.
Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion.
Amercian, really, can impactsuch staggering influence. Stay True! Great and savvy bizman! America: GREAT!
DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt
LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk. #SimpleTruth #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts.
Make sure to follow me onI will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
Thanks.
After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance.
ONLY #TRUMP2016 has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! StopHillary #NoBama
DearThank you so much for your nice words today onWill not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
DonaldTrump in Iowa says I have a Gucci store that's worth more money than Romney Fact check: true
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom,fierce biz savvy,IQ. Wow!
Its time to make America great again. Lets do this! #TRUMP2016
I'd vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em' Mr. Trump!
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech-
I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!
#Trump2016. Time for a true leader to lead our great country!
Thank you.
go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems.
Thanks.
There is.
Can't wait to hearrun for president and fix our country! #TRUMP2016
I really would want to see what America would look like...withat the helm of affairs.
Looking for Father's Day gift?named the spaone of the best places for men to relax
Let's take this country back. #TrumpLeeds2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it,#Trump2016
watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Make sure to follow me on#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you.
Speaking to great patriotsMy first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you.
Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump #Trump2016
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Should not pass--bad deal!
in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing onKeep up the great work.
Thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement fromat 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thanks Eric.
Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016..
LIVE on #Periscope
today's the day #Trump2016! Good luck!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Only a fool would buy theLoses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
I'll volunteer to help your campaign in FL. Thanks.
Had it with politicians. They never solve problems, just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist. #Trump2016
Great!
True!
Shock the world!#Trump4President
Thanks.
Thank you.
As a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes Donald Trump will run for President. June 16, 2015.
said ontoday PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES
#Trump4President #Trump2016
Great!
Thank you.
it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS! #TRUMP #2016
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them.
Please run! I'm with you till the end! Everyone who wants to #MakeAmericanGreatAgain is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless.
pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week. Thanks.
Pls run u would be great!
Thank you.
may get headlines today, butwill dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow
Will do, thanks.
has DEPTH, stammina, Man of the World, briliant negotiater, &amp; NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER.
TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR
Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. People like him...NO MORE POLITICIAN'S...
YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain!
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope!
I am a full supporter of #Trump2016is a guy that will help this country
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Counting down the hours toannouncement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump.
We are going to listenIf you are really running &amp; if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win
Today is the day America becomes great again.has some huge news that will shock the world #Trump4President
The Country needs you now more than ever.You will be the one to bring the respect back.#Trump2016Thx.
Thank you.
Happy Birthday! Can't wait for the announcement on Tuesday, I'll be there!
is GOPs best chance to win in Nov. 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
is going to make Hillary's head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes, please. #Trump2016
you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you!Thanks, call Corey.
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family
He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!Go Donald!
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators.
China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews
Mr Trump can speak, the difference, he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own!
The thing that's so wonderful about... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires. True.
he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf Thanks.
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point
I want to seerun for president.
#DonaldTrump #Election2016 (it will happen) GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump #GOP #Politics
DonaldTrump You're going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win. #Trump2016 #CommanderInChief
Viaby Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH
Congratulations tofor winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television isA totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership A total loser!
our country seriously needs you now please run for pres #Trump2016
Thank you.
exactly he knows how to win important
I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands.
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Lets Make America Great Again!
Via the New York Times
. pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
donald for president..a true patriot
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
Thank you.
believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins
Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results
Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure don't support #JebBush2016 Texans want leadership We want
Via gets new clubhouse
Waiting on that 6/16 announcement. Please don't disappoint me.....Stay tuned.
DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity &amp; national security.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection!
Dummy political punditconstantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!
Thanks.
Hey- had a spectacular round- drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views! Thanks
Dee Dee SorvinoI am betting on Trump
Entrepreneurs:Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run!June 16th.
Great news!
Great, thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. Its a very empowering attitude.
Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer, if they did they'd use it, Trump Time!
Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement
I can't wait forannouncement on June 16. Great.
Will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer IMO.
I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men.
One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal &amp; supportive of his friends. He also says it like is.
Watch, listen, and learn. You cant know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I saidPeople ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
If you don't run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a 'shoe in'I agree!
Do it Mr. Trump, we are screwed if you don't.I agree!
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
needs to run for president #Election2016 #DonaldTrump
A pleasure to film at the beautifullinks course &amp; club house. Thanks to&amp;
ViaNew Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.
no bs Donald if you run I'm in PA you will get my vote for sure.
the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope
got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason, I trust Trump
Ifran for president in 2016, I'd be one happy camper
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own pathit will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
It's about time we had a president who doesn't need to care about his money
Thank youfor featuringin your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago.
A visionary who loves America &gt; Thanks.
One of my favorite all-timemoments: Whenlettouch his hair.
ViabyIn Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid
Trump all the way!
Donald Trump: I Would Be the Jobs President
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again!
My only regret is that there isn't 3 DonaldTrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! Cute
ISIS would already be on ice ifwas the president. We need you, sir. #MyManTrump2016
Just said at #NCGOPCon that I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office.
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time..
HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook's hand in Mason City. #June16th
ViabyTrump: We'll bring American dream back
Just said at #NCGOPcon that politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!
Mr. Trump, I have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!
The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rulesgreat read #MidasTouch #ThankYou
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.
. memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. Getting Real is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal
Donald Trump: Ive made up my mind on 2016 viaby
I Agree Donald!
Thank youfor featuringin your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago.
Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress. - Phyllis Schlafly
You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top
Ouris really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in
I believe ... no I KNOW thatwould be a better president than HillaryClinton.
A pic withfrom a long time ago #throwbackthursday A wonderful son!
you are the man for the job
Will be doinglive tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
ViabyDonald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville
Looking forward to keynoting the#NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night! is a top state party!
You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump. So true!
I think he's worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY, like Reagan, and is/was a big fan of Reagan!
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Check out what a great quarterback you once were. With Jim Kelly many years ago.
does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president, or a great president? Great.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
ViaTrump to jet in to unveil Trumpclubhouse
#you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America!
Excited to be returning to theState Convention as the Keynote of Saturdays dinner!is a strong Conservative state party!
Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump! #YouHaveMyVote
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Not sure why I didn't followbefore now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago...
Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx Thank you.
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big.Donald Trump
Trump for President!
for pres 2016
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. Its time for a bold new direction!
Just Do it!
Please run!!! USA needs a leader!
I'm on the fence but ifruns then I'm all good
The Spaoffers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques
looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016
After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again!
I honestly believe thatwould make a great presidentThank you.
I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.Derek Jeter
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Would give anything forto run for President!! If there's anyone who can fix our country, it's him!!
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before!
I care about are country &amp; that is why ill vote forif he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving &amp; FAST
A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!
#trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!
Time for USA to get back on track Trump for President
#Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #MakeSureYouVote
I know he can and will
Trump for President
Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic!
I love my time atThe staff handle my valuables with utmost care, I always come away greatly satisfied!
Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far.
Your country needs you. Run.
HEY! I hope to meeton Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Can't wait!! #Trump2016
vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up.
golf at donald trump's place is always a good idea
what about playing atin Florida. His golf course is amazing !
This trooper needs you to run
Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Let's take OUR country back. Vote for the Don 2016
awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever.
vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis, china, lobbyists and everyone else
Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him. Probably true, but it's fun to expose the overrated!
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
#Trump2016 lets go
Trump for President!!!
Bought 2 bottles of #Empire Cologne/Deodorant so that I can smell like a winner&amp;a PRESIDENT! #Trump2016 #PleaseRun #Thanks
Trump 4 president!
Sound The Trumpets For A Trump 2016 Presidential Run Hear what he has to say
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year!
ViabyDonald Trump stops in Coralville
Interviewduring Jim Kelly Shootout..
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune!
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters!
. is proud to be hostingwhere all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015.
run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!
Viaby Melody Dareing: Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Awarded 5 Stars byoffers
Executive Chefnew menu
My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!
June 16th-
killed it on
Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz
DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The Don is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President.
please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER
I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps &amp; bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!
Trump for President!!!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
counting down the days to June 16. Why?knows why.
set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp; will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016
ViaDonald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!#quote
Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.Tom Brady
Donald Trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out.
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
Rephrase &amp; quote Al Davis. #justrunbaby #Trump2016 Don't disappoint. There isn't another way 2 make America great again
I will be onat 7:00 A.M.ENJOY!
Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can 'Shake Things Up' In 2016 Electionvia
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon - George Washington
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!
Definitely a great president!!
Can't America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. #trumpforprez
Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue.
must run &amp; must win! #2016
You're right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great.
Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!
Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out...
U.S. Is a 'Laughingstock,' Obama 'Has No Clue What He's Doing'
I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up .
ViabyDonald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'
Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th via
YES Donald right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp; the nanny congress!
Beautiful Lady!
I don't even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President
ICYMI, Viaby Post Editorial Board:New Gem in the Bronx
Myint. onon how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp; Making America Great Again!
I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!
Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. -
potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!True.
You should be president! I believe in you #Trump2016Thanks.
I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up .
DonaldTrumpWhich is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done.
Hopefully our future First Lady!!!She would be amazing!
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!
You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way
Via New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings
It's almost June &amp; time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
Will be doinginterviewtomorrow. So much to talk about!
On 800 pristine Miami acres,boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51%Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution!
the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there.Thank you.
would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!
Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.Donald Trump
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Two great families come together to create a masterpiece. #GrandOpening DonaldTrump
No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US Thanks Jen!
we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change #trumpforprez
was something weve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line. -
a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.#Trump2016
for president
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. - Vince Lombardi
Viaby Malcolm Unwell: Taking Trump Seriously
Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason. - Mark TwainSo true.
everything obama touches goes to hell
Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!
What its like to playNew York City golf course
She'll never go out of style ...True!
Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!
I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.Donald Trump
That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for.
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: Practice puts brains in your muscles! THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
Thanks for calling inAlways a pleasure to chat with you! #ElvisOnTopoftheWorld And my pleasure, thanks.
all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess Wow, it can be done!
RTObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51%Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace.
Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue.
&amp; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp; common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!Thanks. Enjoy!
Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life readbook #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice !
RunTrump, kick their A** and get it on the right track
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
. We have a president who has no clue what he's doing. #Greta
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time.
I had a fantastic time withat the grand opening of the greatWatch the video-
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
My honor.
I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!
bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice
#trump2016 #MakingAmericaGreatAgain
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
Good advice from my mother:
Trust in God and be true to yourself. -- Mary Trump
love this guy - no fake account, spread the word #trumpforprez
Yesterdayopening day #golf A great lady!
Get some face time in The Spa atviaby Rene Libutti
DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk
I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE...
Good advice from my father: Know everything you can about what you're doing. --Fred C. Trump
DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done.
Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump
#Trump2016 #ARealLeader #USA And God Bless our Troops! #Navy #Army #Marines #CoastGuard Thanks.
Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard. -
Its time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Lets Make America Great Again!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Lets Make America Great Again!
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!
Whats it like to play Donald Trumps Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx?
Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump
he is transforming America
Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
-- Jack Nicklaus
. new book-- Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole-- is a great read. Good job!
Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names
elated at official grand opening of
viaby
honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point viaCongrats
didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united statesTrue!
Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? | RealClearPolitics
all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
VIDEO: Donald Trump Issues Epic Promise to #Christians if Elected President
As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty.Thanks.
. 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again'
Can't wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos, they're always informative. #Trump2016
ViabyIs the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan!speech is sold out with record crowd.
AIR FORCE TRUMP: The zillionaire pol dishes about Rand, Mitt and Jebvia
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 A.M.
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
don't choke again! Choose America's boldest leader to date.#GoBigUSA
I beg you to run Stay tuned!
Donald Trump says hed be the greatest representative of the Christians if elected president
After years of fanfare, will #DonaldTrump run?reports:
I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American
#TrumpforpresidentMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
DavidTop 10: TheList Members Who've Appeared The Most-21 times!
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be humble &amp; just report the news!!
I toldthatand I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
Can't think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump
Opens private 757 jet to reporters...
RTI would endorsein a presidential run!
strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trumpThank you!
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better thanto turn us around. #Trump2016
Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if he's running or not, but I'm voting Donald Trump for President
I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released. - my speech
Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here! - myspeech
Why won't you run for #POTUS and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!
Who`s the (social media) King of New York? -via#congrats
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present -Donald Trump
Flashback: NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink
Donald Trump: I have created tens of thousands of jobs
all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Stay tuned!
Donald Trump on Mexico: I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall True.
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as wellthink BIG!
Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it. -speech
Waitis really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!
Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016.Watch.
keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!
Viaby Robert Silk: Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me.
I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken
I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning. - myspeech
we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.Watch.
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed(but future NYC treasure) course. Great job D
Good morningI'm still hoping to hear #Trump2016You've my vote.Stay tuned!
Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician. - myspeech
I'm sold on#TRUMP for president!
We're all very proud of you, Donald .
Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!
I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!
I'm surpriseddidn't quote all ofHopefully in June they will be quoting you right! #Trump2016
Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT
Donald it's all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us?JUNE!!!!
People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 isif he runs
First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic jobThanks.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight byA record 2,000+ sell out
please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate #Trump2016Thanks.
Coming upon #GDNY talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?
Announce you're running already! We need you! #Trump2016I agree, our country is dying!
Competing show!
DonaldTrumpEveryone wants you to run. Why don't you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it
Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our countrys finest.
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does. - myspeech
Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!
Very entertaining interview withLast quote in article is hilarious ..Thank you.
I see you, boss
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Lets Make America Great Again!
Donald Trump: Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than ObamaIran/Nukes
we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood. Go get 'em!
you are convincing me more and more..That's good news!
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Always be prepared to start. -
TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tump2016
we needto run and we would be good
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan,is Westchesters most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course
Viaby&amp;Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016
O personally I think you would be a great president for our country #Leadership
Donald, it's more important forto have your views than viceversa, don't sweat it
Best looking building in Chicago
Donald Trump speaks on 2016ers, says Jeb Bush stumbling.
I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country. - myspeech
Things would be so much better! #TrumpforpresidentTrue.
He is the only one who could save us!!
If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again. - last line of myspeech
Audience chanting RUN TRUMP RUN! during my myspeech! They are going to be very happy...
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.Mark Twain
Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! - myspeech.
Now that just put a smile on my face!Keeping the faith that you will run. #Trump2016
would be better then Jeb BushBy a whole lot!
For my birthday today I'd like to seemake it official that he's running for president! #DT2016 #Trump2016
not if..., now...
The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business
he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school
Count me in! Anything I can do to help.. #Trump2016
Wishing this moment to come, thanks, I'll vote you #DT2016 #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT
ViabyDonald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President
is the key to success.Thanks.
We need MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!!VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP
trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres
Congrats toon his newshow! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan
totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended
Trump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again'#SmartNews
Incredible progress at Punta delEste, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!
Myint. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico
Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Lets Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being awarded the 2015 Statesman of the Year bythis Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
-Trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016
Ready for your interview on #KellyFile enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential
get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass
#trump2016 #trumpforpresident
run for President. You'd have my vote
Is America ready for Donald Trump as president?
Donald Trump is my inspiration in lifelove u Donald u the real mvp!!
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?!Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
DonaldTrump #KellyFile Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her; its a loser.
Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!! Keep the faith!
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL!Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from#Golf
We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! I'll campaign for u in AZ!! Let's do it Trump!! #Trump4Prez #uwillwin
I LOVEBECAUSE HE''S BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE 'S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD!!! #VoteTrump2016
Have never voted in a presidential election but when i dowill get my vote! #trump4president
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY.
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds atNY today-
just watched, love your positive can do attitude.
Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk! #Trump2016
Great job on #KellyFile now I'm BUSTING to know if ur running! !
.New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
My prediction:will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th. #Symbolism #Patriotic #GoBig
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
. 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again'
VOTEFOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!
I hope you run. America needs it badly.
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp;Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans!
To make America great again we must #THINKBIG &amp; understand that it's #TimeToGetTough on China!will do that!
Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobsviaby
TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA
I will be interviewed onThe Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on
is always kicking ass. #theapprentice #trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #NeverGiveUp.
i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote.
is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams.
FLASHBACK viafrom 2004: Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion It's called great vision.
The only way I'm voting for president is ifrunsCute!
you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you don't run.Your our best hope #Trump16
plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!
What people dont know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around. True!
run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools.
cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again
.Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!
kick Obamas ass and run for president already.
said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!
was right. Correct infrastructure wouldn't even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
Bringing jobs back from China &amp; Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs.
I really wishwould run for president.
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line Make America Great Again. Typical pol- no imagination!
President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016Thank you.
Host of the&amp; is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster
Actions are the seed of fate
deeds grow into destiny.Harry S. Truman
Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself. Thanks.
Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom. #Trump2016
Our debt finances Chinas military. It's time to get toughwe hold all the cards. Lets Make America Great Again!
Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!
All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing.you have to run! #Trump2016
#HiddenHeroes #alleras Great champions!
Pretty much says it like it is.
Is America ready for Donald Trump as president?Wayne Allen Root-wow, great words and delivery!
put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump
great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make America great again!
2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I don't, I have lots of money 4prez
Myint. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Had a dream thatwas POTUS andwas VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream
Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces -
I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House
The Q Is Will TheRun For President? We Shall Wait And See.Just watch!
#make America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need #DonaldTrump2016
Signing The Facebook Wall-
I'm still expectingto swoop in and save the dayStay tuned.
its time 2 run 4 president &amp; #trumpthecompetition
TPP does not stop Japans currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow
Thanks, this country needs a real leader, and you are the man! #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT #DT2016 #DonaldTrump2016
ViaDonald Trump Sends Message to
- He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We don't need Obama.
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES
Entrepreneurs:Be tough, be smart, be personable --but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Why Donald Trump Wont Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, IowaDonald Trump says if he runs for p...
You can be anplayer with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE,targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Brian don't try take Trump on with your wit. He got you beat, hands down! Brian is terrific
- US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement more probable than not against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $.
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallaceconcerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
you are the bestThanks.
Received a standing ovation in packed houseafter Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again!
WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOMEWow, I love the second part!
Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.Such a waste.
ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir.
.Bill, fantastic job this morning on- you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
Pinnacle of Chicago skyline #TRUMP
DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq was not a mistake. He looked clueless!
Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using itvia
Failure isnt fatal, but failure to change might beJohn Wooden
-I'm all aboard the Trump Train. I know it won't derail.
run #tramp run!!!!
hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him!Noce.
Joining Reagan as POTUS with a star on the walk of fame#gotmyvote Great.
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of thefor incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again....
Excited to be speaking at Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM!
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks tofor hosting! Lets Make America Great Again!
We need a real American to run our country and that real man isGet this country back on track.
please run
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Lets Make America Great Again!
I see you
ViabyTrump inches closer to a decision
Via14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Runningand Doing Well
Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big
ViabyBring back jobs from overseasLet's Make America Great Again!
Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!It will be fantastic!
It was such an honor to meettoday in New Hampshire! What a great man! #NH #business
. a great place!
Politicians are all talk and no action. Lets make America great again. Mr. Trump, for the sake of America, please run
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean
Waiting forto announce for president, tired of all these posersStay tuned.
Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother.
you are the best mr trump
. remarks at#LincolnDinner on
for president and Tom Brady for his VPCute!
Best book I've ever read
Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
Can you just announce already that you're running for president so I can campaign for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Viaby
Donald Trumps Refreshing Lack Of A Filter
politicians have very little real knowledge, &amp; instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. It's #TimeToGetTough
..can't wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again...
I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon? Very soon
Love it! I hope you do run: we need a change sir
IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
at your place in Chicago, Love it!
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight!Leaving now!
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow atin Sioux City at 10AM CT! Lets Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to your announcement!
Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprenticeTrue!
DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica Thanks
Looking forward to touring theworld headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
sen. hillary clinton voted for the war
Japan has faster trains &amp; better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK!could easily fix!
Great Article, DonaldTrump ISIS in competition w/ Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain &amp; Kill Islambies!!!
#trump2016 #trumpforpresident
Just run for President Donny, you'd win for sure.
Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH.
I will be onat 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
im ready for u to make america great again
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to love each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Today is armed forces day. Thank you to our military service members! I love you all!
We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes.Cute!
might be the the smartest business man alive.But it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field
Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world
Always great to visit with one-on-one with The Donald in Des Moines this afternoon
ViabyThe Trump Card: Make America Great Again
You could change this country around! True and thanks!
Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it
damn.. a lot of haters follow u....Haters and losers!
kmReally not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it
Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016Stay tuned
my husband and myself are praying you run for president. Thank you!
Hey, the man knows how to run a business!
Look forward to hearing you every Monday onYou are exactly what this country needs!!!
RT ViabyBring back jobs from overseasLet's Make America Great
- all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016
you DonaldTrump for speaking the truth &amp; saying what many of us have been.
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
Here are 14 reasons whyis running and doing well:
Thanksfor hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
Go Donald . Saying go for it. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tomorrowwill be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 1:30pm. Join us.#tcot
I hope and pray-
You're really the best, Trump!
After McCain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing.
I can't wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate!We must win and make America great again!
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place!
Viaby @ ChrisCassidy_BH: Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
Thank youand keep up the great work!
Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber Big letdown fight!
A great job byin winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads...
Thank you Jill, Marlon, &amp; allfor the amazing &amp; personal service. #Chicago'sBestHotel#Trump2016Thanks.
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-facetedtransactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bidviaby
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visitin the White House. Very cool!
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
Via eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi for Trump Organization
The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest.
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. -
My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmenThey go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!
ViaStreetsense Brings The National, a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DC's New Trump Intl Hotel
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with- should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrousIraq war all over again
WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU.
. in 5 minutes.
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
ViaDONALD TRUMP: RICH PEOPLE DONT LIKE MEPOOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE LIKE ME BEST
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville, SC! See you soon
People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court
#Bigger #Better #Stronger #Faster #Smarter #Richer #WINNER #Trump2016
Crowd goes wild for Trump at SC Summit!in; I know he's in. His Scooby-Doo van:
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
Dr Ben Carsonwill just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025.
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!
Great shot byyesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope! Stay tuned!
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
Good point. We just really need your help Donald!
Enjoying day 1 of my stay in's hotel#ImprovedSinceLastYear #Lovely
Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote. Thanks.
has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. #Trump2016
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. -- Thomas Edison
Polling strong, Donald Trump starting to get serious
viaby
you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
Non-hunters don't get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit
runrun!!!
You'd have my vote!Great.
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
Envision It: DonaldTrump is Prez,sends ppl 2 Mars byand ppl drive hiselectric cars #Trump2016
pretty shotty math A- + C- = A- Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!
SC Freedom Summit FULL Speech DJT
I stayed up to 4 am last night reading abook !!Great!
Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother.
Great job tonight
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog
Looking forward to hearingspeak Saturday night in Iowa. See you there - record breaking crowd!
. takes a stroll with
#HappyBirthdayYogiBerra!
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there!
. takes a stroll with
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Viaby Will Folks: THE DONALD REBUKES OBAMATRADE
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better
THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!
u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote! Thanks.
China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge
Trump for President!Tom Brady as running mate?
. is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC. Thanks Jim.
My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President.
. This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016
Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE!
EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN!
interviews, Mr Trump. The more you talk @ what you would do if president, the more people want to hear MORE from you.
for President!
greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best
Bc the Elephants are so many, The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive.
Trump is the man #Trump2016
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
. did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
Donald Trump is rising in NH, IA. What's going on?
#TrumpAdvice
One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!Thank you.
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Lets Make America Great Again!
In new Bloomberg poll, Donald Trump ahead of Christie Cruz Carson Huckabee Fiorina Graham Jindal Kasich Perry Santorum.
Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads...
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington PostMoron hates my poll numbers
I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He can't be bought!He said this country is going to Hell
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Viaby Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority
Myinterview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again!
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.President Ronald Reagan
The King of Turnberry! Fabulous! What an amazing place!
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass
Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! #Trump2016 CUTE!
Great story oninabout our new Sky and Wellness Suites:
I agree
Congratulations toandfor thecoverage on perks in luxury hotels:
You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! #2016
Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. You'd be the only competent candidate. We need you!
.Great job onthis morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
Trump for President !!!!
You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him fast track authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
for president!! Run and you got my vote.
You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.
.It was great being with you onthis morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
please save our country!
#TBT With my friend
At this point I'm voting for Trump!Very smart!
SO TRUE DONALD !!!
DT please get in the race for President
hoping you announce a 2016 run soon!building more factories in Mexico! #EatingOurLunch
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will fight hard for victory if I do!
SO true! Much love Donald!
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history
You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #Trump2016 Thanks.
Looking forward to&amp; Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!
Please runWith your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!Very true.
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection byjust opened a new
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but whytaunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!
we don't know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope.
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
Donald Trump's beach mansion is the biggest thing I've ever seen Another great deal!
Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man &amp; RUN.
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
I concur! Donald please run, the country needs you!
if you run for president im voting for you Great.
I will.
Coming up at 7:35am/et,joins us live!
Mr.Trump, I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing? WATCH
2016for President - YES!!!
You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!#trump2016
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world
will you still be on this hourHave been watching but nothing yet...Yes, 7:30.
You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronxoffersfantastic views of the Manhattan skyline
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! #fixtheUSA
You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!The only one that can!
RTif you run for president im voting for you Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win#
just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? #Trump2016Watch.
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
What a sad lineup the republicans have, most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us.
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!
With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms,offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options
Time for you to tell'You're fired!'. #TrumpForPresident2016 We need someone who loves America in office!
Thrilled to hear thathas awardedthe 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Oh god. I agree with you.
See you on the 16th!I look forward to seeing you!
We got a look round the work being done atLooking great! #Ayrshire #Wellconnected
Get into office and tell CONgress You're fired! #trump2016 #timeforPROgress
Deportations are plummetingwhile Obama continues to grant amnesty.
Followfor all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
Can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #MayweatherPacquiao was #Trump2016
. is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage. No idea who she is, sounds dumb!
a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well &amp; will represent us well. U will win. Thanks.
I'd vote Trump,he's strong. He said, First I'd build a Wall at border Fire Weaklings in DC too !
cruising through downtown Chicago. Beautiful building!
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on- Enjoy.
. is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
he is the best person for the job
I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, &amp; business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!
got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians
I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man True.
After I complete readingautobiography I will read your book; Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
ViabyDonald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: A Bad, Bad Deal
This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesomein charge! #donaldforpresident
Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will.
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing-
It needs to be done, Donald, these Republican GOP Candidates, just do not pass mustard. #Trump2016!!!!True!
Our amazing golf course
You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!
See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more! Great.
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava
#TrumpAdvice
If elected, I will undo all of Obamas executive orders. I will deliver. Lets Make America Great Again!
Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!
We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do.
Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!
If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimores issue, no chance to solve Chinas &amp; OPECs abuses. The World asks for leadership!
Please run Mr Trump.
Via byopen the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion
~~~Amen Ann...
We will!
Via HT Politics
Trump Collection is planning hotels in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha and KSA #AHIC2015
Yes... ALL the WIN!....
Time forto make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track!! #Trump2016
Our spagets a nice write-up in#gotmilk
#TheDonald HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT
I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!
What this country needs is unification &amp; direction, &amp; you're the one who can make it happen! Run, Mr. Trump, run
Please run for president and save us from the fools.Stay tuned!
Be Bold....,And Powerful Forces will come to your aid. But you know this, Trump We're waiting. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. named one of the best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago
No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton
please run in 2016!!!
You should run as an independent and kick Hiliary's ass &amp; the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINO's!
clean houseNot W.G.
if you don't run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side
is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it &amp; put it &amp; us out of our misery!
.Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!
Viabytalks 2016 run, jobs at
Run, Mr. Trump, run!
Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!
please. For real this time. We need you. Do not worry.
Congratsfor winningFine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'award!
Great! All should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs
They now say using the word thug is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
well at least the Donald's arrogance is warrantedSo true, thanks!
I'd vote for him if he were our candidate. I'd go door-to-do for him, too. I'd feel safe with him as President.
Just spotted Trump Tower in #Chicago. What a presence the building gives to the city! Props toThank you.
.Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works.
DonaldTrump: Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
I can't wait to find out yes or no, Mr. Trump is so brilliant, great at business, he can run the countryThanks
Yes- Trump wouldn't owe anyone anything. Important! So true!
If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure! Nice.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning,we're awaiting your announcement in June or July. #Trump
My hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. He said it was incredible! Here's his pic!
Thanks!
Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! :) Thanks.
if you don't run I won't vote
If you do not run for president, I am not voting. People need to stop playing games and get real.
Plans for wind farm dropped at#Scotland golf resort:#travel #golfGreat news!
Donald, you have to do it. It's the only way to save this once great nation.
-Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, Trump does not have to.
Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump, OK I can't wait.Watch.
is amazingyou can tell me he's not when you're as successful as him
please get in the drivers seat of this country!
DonaldTrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. I'm ready for America to be great AGAIN. #makeamericagreatagain
I had the pleasure of meetingand hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!
Take a look at our review of Trump National Doral Miami, home of the
People don't like it whenis right. For whatever reason.
saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will take him seriously. You mean Chris, Mike was his great father.
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!
Trump: Very much inclined to enter GOP White House raceviaby
Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now Thank you.
IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK&amp;RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESSHE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!
Thank you.
&amp;for the retweet, love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel
trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class.Thanks!
Beautiful, thank you.
yes and he WILL bring companies back to the USTrue.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
. is really hurtingShe is boring, predictable and has zero television it - show no longer has ratings, dying!
I Agree.!!Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump #quote
your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changerStay tuned!
I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire TrumpThank you, nice.
DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary, Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican.
.Good luck tonight Floyd.
Just got back from Las Vegas.Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
Myint. fromdiscussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again!
I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. #Trump16 I do also!
ViabyDonald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport
Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york, pa. Willing to set up shop here for you..
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT!
Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong, fierce, noble
coolest building in Chicago. Didn't think that was possible. Trump run for Prez, plz
For me, you are the only one that can do the job right, move the country forward &amp; bring about goodnessTrue
Look Mr.Trump, you could have a lot of support but people don't really believe you will run. Just watch!
we need your leadership in this country now, please enter the prez ring.
I'm so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless, corrupt, bonehead politicians.
if you dont run for president, i wouldnt vote! #Trumptforpresident Nice.
Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money, not waste it. True.
100% agreed!!
knows what it takes to WIN, just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER &amp; will overcome the WEAK!! #Tump2016
enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic.
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!
Donald Trump All American Billionaire FULLvia Wow, so nice - thank you!
I have been a guest on The View many times when it wassuccessful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
just home from awesome buddies trip to #trumpdoral! Great job Thanks!
Did you see all the whites that were robbed &amp; assaulted during the riots, Mr President? #Trump2016
If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness.
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with
.Great insightin dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!
It's not conceited, it's convinced. #Trump2016
I can't wait for your visit to Greenville, SC May 9th!! Should be a fantastic event.Great.
Hi Donald, spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same. GREAT!
has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you! #Trump2016
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?
Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream:#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?!You will be called!
ViabyTrump: U.S. getting beat up
please run for president. We need youStay tuned.
Are you like another Ross Perot? Bigger, better, stronger and richer!
.A fantastic guy!
All faith in the world thatis the answer for America, come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016
great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!
think your sign would look just as good on the White House as it does on Trump Chicago. #Trump2016
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
I am #SouthAfrican and I can say, you are 100% correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters space to destroy - another real genius!
I get why you don't like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy True, but with zero talent.
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
A beautiful article byon my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point
coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better
Congrats to great golferon his big win last week. Always been best putter. Frost Wins for Trump
Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This Weekend:What do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?
#4prez
ViabyTrump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'
on my 2nd trip to Chicago, love your sign on Trump towers!!
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me! So nice, thank you.
Congratulations toon your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
#37yearsfinished building of 68-storyskyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts inapp
Very good, must be tough!
The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#TrumpAdvice
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!
First thing I see when I log unto twitter is#goodmorning trumpy Great.
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
If you run for president, You would receive my vote!
The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership.
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
get Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!
Great property!We had an amazing conference here last week! Thanks.
Can we dropoff in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done? I would fix it fast!
Awesome entrepreneurial advice from#TrumpAdvice. That's how Greats are made.
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
when do I get my #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016 #presskit #yardsigns Cute, stay tuned.
Met a big fan today!
Now that the ineffective BaltimorePolice have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is#TRUMP #Champion
We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight.Watch.
Thank you for helping me celebrate #agreatcausewhile accepting the Commandants Leadership award!
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy!
working hard daily, and waiting for when you announce that you're going to make a run to rescue our country!!
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
The world needs a leader like!Thanks.
U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!
Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious. Love those words.
Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has 'stalled out.'
Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you
rescue our country
. is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on#nhpolitics #FITN
&lt;---- The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win.
.Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon.
Semper Fi Donald !!!!
Will be interviewed on at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness
The man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice. #Trump2016
Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrump's proposed changes to Turnberry:
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonightLincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office #Trump2016I agree, thanks.
Your new DC hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! #Trump2016
Meet your #1 fan from Waverly, IA: Shay Doyle.He looks up to you &amp; hopes to be the next Trump
Bless you Sir safe trip!!! Thanks.
To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER -DJTWe must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. Serious question, Mr. Trump: Why don't you likeBecause he is not good at what he does- dying
All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism
Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester.
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire. Thank you!
I will be interviewed bytonight on- Enjoy!
all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control
Ifruns for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then...........
.Not much is as dead or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!
. Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
For those saying it's not crowded, you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside.
Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison.
.Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
#Trump2016
Ifdoesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed I agree!
Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump!
you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate! I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!
Really hopedecides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him.
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!! Thanks.
Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa CourseThanks. It will be fantastic!
When are you announcing run #PresidentTrump !? Stay tuned!
ICYMI, viabyDonald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala
The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
Driving thru major world cities &amp; seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life.
The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!
well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir.
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big. Donald Trump, The Trump Organization President
#TrumpAdvice
an entrepreneurs ability to find strength when others want to run, hide, quit...
listening...good interview!
changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful! Thank you, it will be even more amazing!
Myint w/at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again!
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB.
National Reviewmaybe going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done byNo talent means death - sad!
. Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Lets Make America Great Again
why doesput you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons
I model my management by Mr Trump. Consistent is everything
#VOTEFORTRUMP
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
ViaInterview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations: It's all a deal
DearYou are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.
Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place!
ViabyTrump: 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicans
please run for president, and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done.
Why don't you just run for President?! You would have my vote!!
Just saw Trump's new video. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain2016 will be interesting.WATCH ALL!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
. I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don'thave what it takes!
Withoutwe will be stuck with Hilary Clinton. #Trump2016 I agree.
Glad to see thathas been hired byas an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
We need a real man in Washington, with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues. Please restore America#Trump2016
I am honored, if you are in I am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in, campaigning for the BEST
. Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true.
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
China has been laughing at the WRLD for a long time &amp; will continue to do so!
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life,
.You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!
no surprise! You are the man! Thank you!
I've to say that you're making sense in a lot of things especially on China! Nobody else dares to raise it!
ViabyTrump says US roads are 'falling apart'
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons-
People have been forced to resign positions for far less thantweeting like a 14 year old girl
. You stated that I started relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
Jonah Goldbergof the once great#National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does put this dummy on his show?
is excited to host DonaldTrump for a town hall meeting on Monday at 3 pm.#fitn #nhpolitics
ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the via
You would be the best president. You're political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!
you are amazing
YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!
Sohas an amazing hotel here in Vegas. Blessed to stay here.
It's PATHETIC for&amp;to bashas non-serious! Talkers bashing a successful doer!
Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but dont worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
people can say what they want about Donald, but he is trustworthy #truth Thank you.
you would be phenomenal in office,I am truly a big fan of what you stand for. Thank you.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed!
Just viewed the video of the changes toAn already stunning course will now be even more spectacular
. wrote a wonderful book, And the Good News is..Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politicsgo get it!
You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America, and have the ability to make a difference. #Trump2016
DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!
He's a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!
congratulations. You area true patriot!
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.Michael Jordan
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that Im the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. Ill make America rich again!
ViabyTrump: 'We'll Make America Great Again'
Trump: If I decide to run and win, I will make this country great again#FITN
It is time for DC to protect the American worker, not grant amnesty to illegals. Lets Make America Great Again!
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
you are damn good
I guessis a lot smarter than dopes like&amp;Oh well, both mags are dying anyway.
Viaby gives public a chance to hear Trump speak
I'm with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction. #Trump2016
I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses tweeting like a 14 year old girl to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly.
To be fair, impossible to fill those shoes. But consistent conservative principles would be a start! I agree!
ViabyTrump to build five new holes at
Mr. Trump your the Man!! Please run we need you!! Watch.
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Lets Make America Great Again
Im a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.
It has cratered since WFB passed away. So true, WFB is spinning in his grave! Jonah killed it
Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Mondayvia by
. 5 Star &amp;#1 Luxury Hoteloffers style, luxury &amp; impeccable service
i spoke to my cousins in NH they said their whole town is talking about your great speech #Trump2016 Thanks
Make some heads roll. Run for president dammit!
U would make a damn good one
Donald trump would be the greatest president Thank you.
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Looking forward to keynotingLincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does notstop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
I'm thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess! True!
Please run for President, sir- America needs your leadership !!
Factwhile Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Floridas debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.Ronald Reagan
Getting ready for next week withon Monday.
ViabyMaryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser
U r 1000% correct, Politicians can't fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!
Should definitely include you in the polls! Why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?
I'd work like a dog to help Trump get elected, no politician can fix the mess in Washington. #Trump2016
No doubt you would fix our country if you ran for president..do us all a favor please! #Trump2016
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. Sorry, there was only one breakout star this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
Thank you!
Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up.
Ed Schultz just extolled your business savvy, maybe there is hope for MSNBC! Be careful if Sharpton endorses you, Boss!
can't wait for your official announcement that you are running #POTUS2016 Go Trump Go
We have a great field of diverse candidates forMedia needs to stop discountingHe rocked #FITN
Please run Mr Trump.
GeorgeWill you retirePlease
Trump, on others who have spoken to #FITN in New Hampshire: With all the people you're listening to, you can forget it.
Nothing,as they always do
Thank you!!really amazing
You always do a #fantastic jobYou are indeed a #businessman &amp; #magnate to #emulate.
You need to Run For President.
When we need hopeis just the person there to give it...#Trump2016True!
W/finance &amp;#negotiation skills like no one else,Trump would restore credibility to the presidency
You rocked both events. Theknows it too!! Thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!!
. is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
I support DonaldTrump 100% for 2016! He is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!
Come June/July,will take the first step in the process of making America great again! #Trump2016
How does failed writer and pundit likewith no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.
I'd vote for you. I always felt you should run.
they loved you there #NHforTrump #Trump2016 Thanks!
Run for president please! #Trump2016
We need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians, you would be a breath of fresh air #GOP
good talk watched on c-span, intelligence.Thanks.
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
thinkingmight be what this country needs a change from career politicians
hurry up and announce that you're running already!#2016
You should declare you candidacy on #gdny withandand just go all out campaigning.
i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the American Dream back!
Hi DT! I heard you on Imus &amp; you spoke w/clarity &amp; purpose. You're right, it's not a game, it's dire straits. PLEASE RUN!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
DonaldTrumpHe's very easy to relate to in person. If he takes the grass roots route, he has a great chance
one word to describeDonald?Quality!
Tonight on the #SpecialReport panel we have andWhat a group of losers on your panel!
.I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than
Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best, by far in NYC....Thanks.
His books have helped me become who i am today.Great.
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? Big fan, but tired of waiting. Stay tuned!
So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political mediaan amazing experience for me.
As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!
reform DC? haha joke. Only one close 2 being able to do that is Trump.
#donaldtrump2016
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
I just finished TIME TO GET TOUGH. Great read! #Trump2016 Thank you.
--You may be our last hope.......................
Please run for President
With Mr Trump as top man in the World, Everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership
you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job.
You are an inspiration! Best wishes from across the pond! Thanks.
Our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth
just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details. Great, thank you.
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
. love love love that wall. Memories forever! #architecture #nyc
Tell um to get out the check book Donald
YES-YES-YES*2016-2016-2016*
I thinkwould be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class
Donald, our prince! (Daniel 12:1) Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will.
obviously!! #weneedyou #Trump2016
Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investmentin MEXICO!!!!The U.S. is getting killed!
My family was so damn excited when you seemed serious about the Presidency. in past
#MASTERPIECE #CHICAGO
Outstanding speech at the Republican Leadership Summit, Mr.Thank you.
Big changes in 2016? You better be running for presidency! #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident
Like the Nike Ad says Mr.Trump JUST DO IT! Run for President and give America what it needs..A true leader!
Heycallto handle yoursituation. #firebrittmchenryTo harsh.
And I will be watching with great interest.
isn't it refreshing?! There's hope. Keep up the good work.
Congratulations tofor being selected as Best of +VIP Access 2014 by
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the
Mr.made &amp; impression.
The next man in Office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..I think you're the only one who can do it.
Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldn't get nukes for sure
I believe if you run , you would win hands down! .... But, The expectations of you would be enormous.
Melania as First Lady.. She'll go down in history as the most gorgeous First Lady EVERTRUE!
Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Let's Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!
Just announce alreadyStay tuned.
2016 will hopefully be the year of the Donald! Thanks.
our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!
inspired others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you always are the leader. Nice.
MRYou are an example of how to do what he wants. Thank you.
Answer the call,,just do it,,America needs you,,RUN!!!! Stay tuned!
Watched replay of D.T. speaking in Nashua today. He was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs, managing foreign policy.
Announce you're running when you're comfortable with the timing. Great.
trump for president
Run Donald Run....Donald Trump 2016
If the 2016 #GOP presidential field is so deep, why is DonaldTrump beating so many of their 'stars'?
Tell um to get out the check book DonaldBelieve me, I would!
Mr.Trump are u going to run for 2016 presidency?. I hope so..!
I think u should run for president all small business here in Memphis the closing down because of tax
Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!#quote
One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. #thetrump hotel. Our company loved it there. Thank you.
Good make a decision, are you running or not , we want you , but only you know if you want us . Watch.
I don't think they are discounting Trump. He hasn't said if he is running yet.
Trump for president.George Will doesn't know business or what this young generation cares about
I would vote an infinite number of times for my man Trump! #Trump2016
Trump: I have made a fortune against China.I know all of the killers on Wall Street. Trump v China? China has no chance!
They'll repay us by giving us higher gas prices! True!
. Forget running for president, why don't you run to be an MP here in Scotland!
We need you as president Mr.Trump, A leader that knows what to do! Agree.
Thank youandfor the wonderful and very true article, Total Desperation on Iran
brings great debate and ideas to the #GOP campaign, RUN DONALD RUN!!!
When are you announcing?
Congratulations tofor once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
. Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
Jeb Bush - I am a conservative = Barack Obama -If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.
is a true leader we need for this country ... #Trump2016
With our brand new Tennis Performance Center,offers countless activities along with top courses
Myint. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol, politicians being all talk and no action &amp; the border
I'll be staying here next weekend! Can't wait!#trumplife #cantwait
#TBT Trump and Gekko-
I believe in you. Go for it.
Part 1 of myint. withdiscussing why I am strongly considering running for President..
Myint. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas.
Please run for Pres Mr
ViabyDonald Trump: Dont politicize Walter Scott shooting
Friendly Friday: Michael Jackson with Donald Trump. #michael
Great hearing youspeak with #DonImus onthis AM. You enhance the dialogue on all programs
I must b out of touch- &amp;r my top picks forpresidential pick! #TeaParty
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN
forget both of them. Let's hear it for ma man
please run for President! The country needs you! #Trump2016
ViaWatch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America
UPDATE: Trump plans public event at via
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable -
Donald Trump: I Would Simplify Tax Code as President
DonaldTrumpPlease run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in
Booked a corner suite atwithfor Memorial Day weekendSure knows how to make a nice hotel!
politicians know how to become president. Businessmen know how to BE president.
let's get #Trump2016 trending like crazy!!!
5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire
I get into so many arguments over #Trump2016but I think he could ACTUALLY change this county for the better
I would easily vote forif he ran for president.
RTSuccess requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
I watched your interview on Neil Cavuto today. Your fiscal policy as President would be better than anyone's! Go Mr.Trump
would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president.TRUE!
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
#DONALDJTRUMP#MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
Mexicos court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens.
America needs your leadership. Please run for President
Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid!
Part 1 of myint. withdiscussing why I am strongly considering running for President
IKR. He b slumming it big time! White House will need lots of upgrades. Just like our country.
I just hopeis our next presidentMake America great again!
His biggest asset is that he isn't a professional liar like the rest of them.
The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them.
Ifruns for president, my pride as an American will never be stronger. #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!
such a class act..I adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio
#WakeUpAmerica Donald's Policies are the Real Game Plan to #Win, He's also the only 1 to beat #Hillary
I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning.
Friendship can be really tested only in bad times ~ Donald Trump #quotes #realestate #homes #blog #buyingtips
#MrTrump isn't my guy, he is America's guy ! #Trump2016 So nice, thanks!
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
The greatin my office with my son
America needs YOU. #trumpforpresident
I'm Looking At It Extremely Seriously: Donald Trump Talks About a 2016 Presidential Run (VIDEO)
Trump wants low taxes, strong defense and jobs . Trump is good at creating jobs.
ViabyExclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows Total Desperation on Iran
Time for an Entrepreneur President, not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll.....
ViaDonald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May
And we will call it Trump WallFine with me!
If you run in 2016 how can we be of help.
ford is building a factory in Mexico. Should be in U.S.
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern borderWe need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico!
Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegant,classy and adorable.
I would easily vote forif he ran for president.
Donald Trump and Mike Tyson
ViabyTRUMP: 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016
You better run in 2016 for President and fix these problems,you can do this Donald!!! #2016 #President right
Come on Donald, #America needs you#CaptainAmerica #Trump2016
Melania would make a fantastic First Lady, she has the charm that reminds me of classy Jackie O #Trump2016
Politicians talk the talk, but this man walks the walk. #Trump2016
best day ever? I'd say yes. #Trump2016
Looking forward to speaking at the#FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Lets Make America Great Again!
I hope you'll announce you're running for President soon. America needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. Its time for an outsider
A talented family led by the best. Thanks Eric, so nice.
we need you to run for President, and fix these problems, you can do this!!
good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere!
Out of ALL the politicians in Washington, not ONE can #savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in #Iran for being a Christian
For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Lets Make America Great Again!
ViaDonald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run
I see you.... Looking good! #Vancouver
is not a professional liar like politicians. I was watching Cruz, but Donald also has my attention now.
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
From my #european point of view,#USA needs a president like you to get a lot of things right. #Trump2016
hasaccomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs. #nhpolitics
The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obama's lackeysYou're fired!
The top course on the west coastoverlooks Pacific Ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.John Quincy Adams
Great seeingw/ atfor
Today is April 15th, Obamas favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
every Americans dream #trump2016
5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire (op-ed)
One of the 1st (&amp; best) sites when 1st coming to the USInspiration
Don't miss the 2nd half of my interview withover on the blog:#FNPolitics
I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning.
#Trump2016
Perhaps it's time we bring back the #American #Empire , Mista Trump#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
we need one smart PRESIDENT.. Trump#
Folks not aware thatcould sneak up &amp; be President in 2016. Watch!
Hope you'll tell America you're running 4 Prez soon! We need you in charge. #Trump4Prez
The glitziest jet in the sky. Donald spent $100 million on his Boeing 757. VIDEO:
so can u run! Please be our president
This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it!
Yes Yes Yes I'm so sick of lying politicians
Working class democrats ,Independents ,Americans that never voted before to decide this election LANDSLIDE MANDATE 4 DJT
You've said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer.could use a shout out from you.
reason DonaldTrump would run for president is his love for country.He has everything already &amp; doesn't need aggravation
waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so I can vote for you and rally others to do the same
If America was as successful and planned likewe would be in good shape.
Wow, Mitt Romney didn'tknow that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange!
We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Let's show her the competition! #Trump2016
for President 2016 &amp;for VP! NO more career politicians.&amp;
for president 2061!
im so ready to have Mrfor President PLEASE
Will it beagainst? Come on Donald, everyone's waiting.
Hoperuns for president and fixes the mess Obama made
that's why we need you Mr. Trump! You're on the polls so it's time you get moving!
DonaldTrump Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party
. has so many service complaints - a total joke!
I would voteover
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
How do third rate talents with no smarts likeget so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
u rock Don
we need Trump for President! I agree!
Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!
vsfor the White House would make for awesome debates!
you said it best: Let's make America great again #Trump2016
if he can run america like he runs a business, he'd be a good president You mean great.
you should really run mr trump. Republicans will need a strong candidate to beat Hillary.#Trump2016
I disagree only because Trump in Vegas was amazing!
After sitting in awful traffic,no parking (lots full) we gave up on car show today! Trump called it #javitzsucks #carshow
Trump for President PLEASE! Your Interview on Fox gave hope again for this country. Will work on your campaign.
America desperately needs leadership &amp; values. Obama is a disgrace. We need a winner, and that is Trump.
It Will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote forAmerica needs your leadership!
Yeah, first question, list your major accomplishments.#Trump4Prez
#WhyImNotVotingForHillary because I'll be voting for
for president , everybody knows it's the best thing for the country #gotrump
My Trump is a patriot.
A greatMasters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
#Trump2016 He gets things done ! So true!
Who's excited for the hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office into his newest hotel? We are!
Mitt Romney didn't even know HE was running for POTUS.So true!
behind you Mr Trump. She's a Nightmare
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician.
Even ifdoesn't run for the GOP, I'm writing him in on my ballet. #Trump2016
I pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run MR. TRUMP Thank you.
- Been all over KY today. Never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. DonaldTrump was right.
TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!!When is the announcement??? Let's go!
This country desperately needs accountability.in #2016.
D.T. for president! !!
Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
#Trump2016
look, DON'T be a fool. VOTE for the right guy. vote FOR
Please do anotherinterview. Come on now it's been long since you had him on your show. Can't wait
Canplease run for president just so I can watch him anddebate. #goodTV
the trump courses in Scotland are the best in the world! Fantastic few days playing them! Thank you!
saying he'd use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him
I will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that I do. I know my vote #Trump2016
cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really make america great again #Trump2016
North Charleston, SC We are glad to have Donald Trump onsite at Leeds Park. #realdonaldtrump #chs
Don't be so insecure because you KNOWwill lose against Trump
How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!
Not to mention your wife will show this planet what a First lady IS! #CLASS #STYLESo true!
We needas President. A great business man will get this country out of debt and back on it's feet
When r people going 2 wake up &amp; c that Obama favors everyone but Americans. Obama is our worst enemy.
The Donald #Trumps all ! #Trump2016
Will be onat 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
. on President Obama's statements in Panama: Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.
Well I would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved. EVERYTHING!
The Donald gets things done #Trump2016
I can't wait to play this course with my Dad Great--enjoy!
vsfor the White House would make for awesome debates! I agree!
announce your presidency. Make America great again. Stay tuned!
best looking building in Chicago
ifsays your service is terrible, it probably is. His hotels are the best, impeccable service.
Mr. Trump it is time to be serious and run for president. Bring America back to its greatness with dignity I feel you have.
we need you as OUR president
See the amazing views fromlocated directly on the Pacific Ocean-
Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal
is he running? If he ismight as well not even run.
she's a dishonest and deceitful person. Trump, blows her outta the water!
hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office. Rain or Shine Trump Delivers!
#Trump2016
in 2016! this country can't wait any longer.
When will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? Can't wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn.
If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominateI agree!
I would love to see how upsetwould get if she were in a debate against
I say Flag Day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety My birthday, interesting.
the best president for America ever.
another great Monday with you on! #makeamericagreatwithTrump
Take some ofthat passion and energy and run for president already.sweet Jesus just run for President Make America great again
For pres #2016
I bet my motherwould be running for president this year... Let's see!!! #Trump2016 Watch.
Vote for&amp; Stop Hillary! She is running for Bill's 3rd Term!
The best part aboutrunning for president will belosing. I hate her so much.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
You're the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president I want! #Trump2016
watched, got me pumped
even though a costumer for so long, their costumer service needs to be better.
is the best service provider
has already won the election #Trump2016
.Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
Oki saw the interview on #FoxNews I hope you run!
as a 100% disabled I beg u Mr.Trump run for President &amp; make U.S. Great again, we need a honest man like you!
. Donald Trump for president! He's the only one who can run a successful business!
gave honor &amp; praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits : shameful
Guess Had it right.has the best wireless network.
DonaldTrump You sure do look like a natural behind that podium! I can't wait to put my Trump 2016 sign in my front yard!
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
Donald Trump has my vote. Signed and sealed. Thanks!
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
.I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!
I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!
Trump will be great on protecting 2A rights!
then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix
Why are you even using T mobile? I don't use T-Mobile, bad service!
TMobile sucks can't believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. Compassionless Co.
My only goal in life is to be a successful man, much like
.T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.
T Mobile service sucks and it took a Trump to call him out!for President!
Mr.I agree: T-Mobile stinks. Just buy the company &amp; turn it into Trump-Mobile! #Trump4Prez
at&amp;t is the best
Obama's average employment % is worse than his last 5 predecessors, including Carter!
. did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN! Thanks Kyle.
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
T-Mobile sucks!
ExclusiveDonald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran, Taliban, 'Virtually Every Country in the World' -
.I bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified.
thanks for coming to South Carolina tomarrowMy great honor!
Iftruly believes he could fix America and loves our Country shouldn't he feel obligated to run? Yes!
Could it bevfor POTUS? #Hillary2016 #Trump2016
.You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!
Ifruns for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!
. gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check. is the best
Next great building in DC that should have the Trump name in it!#RunDonaldRunCute
Agreed! Haters! just because they won't ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!
LRT: never thought I would agree withon anything.
Just keep doing what you're doing; a lot of Americans believe in you, you set the standard for what America was built upon.
Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Irannegotiations . Obama is a disgrace &amp; an embarassment
i agree it is the ONLY phone company that doesn't give u service in central louisiana.
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
I won't rest until I have respectfully shaken the hand of DonaldTrump himself. #inspiration #RoleModel
I'm a TMobile customer 4 10yrs &amp; DT is right. Also he's Presidential unlike Joker in WH now &amp; Hillary the Liar
SomeDemocrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait untilgets cranked up. #Trumpmeister
I love your show though Donny, I'm a fuckung huge fan But our country is dieing!
Donald Trump for president!
I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush. Would do a much better job!
My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly asdid at my age.
Some think Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait untilgets cranked up. #Trumpmeister
This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it!
When will you have on Sean is a great guy who truly loves our country.
Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!
LOVE Trump Tower in Chicago!! Beautiful building!!
back in Myrtle Beach tomorrow. Might see me at the airport.
With Donald Trump today after my NRA-ILA speech in Nashville TN!David, keep up the great work!
Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you &amp; the country knows you're the person who can save our country!#Trump2016
speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS.
Thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption, much respect Mr Trump. #Trump4Prez
What I admire is that Donald Trump loves this country. He will put country over self and make America great.
he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey. True!
This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk
Donald Trump doesn't compliment many people. True!
How do I find out whereis giving speeches at? Because I really want to go to one.
You're the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!
Everyone includingknowssucks..- Why don't you buy&amp; call it TrumpMobile?
President Trump just sounds right! Thanks!
#FriendlyFriday Michael Jackson with Donald Trump.Michael was very misunderstood - a great talent
will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong &amp; proud!
My manis what a president should be
Please tell Cruz &amp; Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers #RunTrumpRun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
For American prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. Donald Trump for President 2016-24.
.u am sure Dinald is proud to have your supportAre you drunk John? Also, T-Mobile sucks!
I think he would make a great president but not really sure he'll run. Thank you and watch!
The best #custserv in hospitality is at'shotel! Just super!
A Warm Welcome to #Nashvilletoday. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with Middle #Tennessee
Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it-
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!
The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are theright person for the job! I am behind you all the way!
thats great and all but are you running for presWatch!
you should run Mr.Trump get this country back on track.
RTis the best service provider
You gotta run. I think you have what it takes to stop Hillary!!!
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!
Sure wish you'd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.You've got my vote
Mr. Trump don't worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company
Just findhissy fit withironic, since yall have room to catch up
Thanksthey are all total losers with nothing going for them!
Thanks Mark, they will!
TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!!#TeamAmerica
Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today.
. gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.
PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Watch and thank you.
can't wait to see you on Cbs Sunday morning! #comeflywithme #Trump2016
How much money is theextremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
Via Opens In The Bronx
ViaTrumptransformation on course
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
. have a great Easter, you are a real champion!
DonaldTrump Thank you so much for your amazing HOPE message!!! I'm so grateful. #hopeisagoodbreakfast
Go Mr. Trump we're pulling for you..
#trumpforpresidentistriumph. Next year sounded the trumpets!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of thosesuffering!
for president
Excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow @ Trump National in VA Best in world
Quote of the Day: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. - Donald Trump
All you need to do is announce and we're there!
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!
#Everyoneis the ONLY one who can beat Hillary
when will you announce your 2016 decision? Btw we all know you're running! #Trump2016
. We need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape! #Trump2016 #Teens4Trump
I know you will do great things for the USA!
we need some one like you. Are you putting your hat in the ring, i sure hope so
Looking forward to visitingon Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!
Amazing! Trump tennis facility in Loudoun County is gorgeous!! Anything this man does, he does it right.
I'm sure the American voters will say, Mr Trump you are hired!
Viaby Eugene Dunn: 2016 is the year of Donald Trump
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal. Be tough.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!
We will vote 4 you.
is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!!
nice segment onyou have my vote
On my way toto receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
As dishonest asis I sayis worse. Neither has much money -sue them and put them out of business!
HAS WHAT IT TAKES TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD. #VoteTrumpForPresident
#TrumpAdvice
is ahead of Most Republican candidates and he hasn't even warmed up yet. America Needs #Trump2016 !Thanks
One could only hope thatwill run for president. Had enough of Obama's poor choices in office.
Rand Paul #speech is a repeat of every other #politician. Heard it before We need flat tax #Vote 4 DonaldTrump
Will be doingthis morning at 7:00. ENJOY!
it's time for you to run for President of The United States, Mr Trump!!
The BEST tweet of 2015. Agree? #Trump
U sure could do a lot for the country!
Watch myappearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran-
I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again! You are right!
Declare Your Candidacy! Right time, Right age, Right mind w/common sense, Right Leadership #RightMan #RightNow #RightVote
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal
You should be on #SharkTank as a guest star. #Trump2016 #kingofthedeal Nice show!
I would 100% recommend everyone watch all ofvines.
Congress must stop Obamas reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
DonaldTrump great brunch yesterday at Mar a Lago thank you for stopping to take a pic with our kids
for President please everyone vote in 2016 if God willing please we need him to help our country
Congratulations toon being named the #ROL15award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!
Looking in from across the pond, America needs you asap
Trump Turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine. #lookinggreat #trumpturnberry
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!
Make America Great Again!
That was such a great piece. Really enjoyed it!
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders
I can hardly wait to do the interview when the Old Post Office is finished in all her glamour
I hope u run for president. U have my vote
. why is it necessary to comment on . looks? Because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me
#Trump2016
I agree America is disheartened. I truly believe #Trump can turn this country around. He is the only 1 who can
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Lets make America great again!
Greatest Easter greeting ever RT I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
Please mak it a 100% chance you'll run for President! 'I could make this country great again'
Yeah shut em down. Nothing but toilet paper
always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen
Great interview withIt will b interesting 2 c ifruns.If so I hope u get 2 interview him.
DonaldTrump Kerry is such a great negotiator he doesn't even know when he has a deal! Better call Trump
It showed. He'll be up in NH for FITN. Can't wait to see him. Will tweet pictures to
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. -Donald Trump
agree 100%
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
just run!
If you run you will win.. I've never been wrong. Just be presidential, not a salesman!
Donald you are the next Ronald Reagan. Make America great again. Thank you.
DonaldTrump Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Donald please run for president! You need to show Obama how a real man does it!
is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. Keep the inspiration up. Thank you.
Meeting Trump#TrumpTennis #woohoo
. we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
#trump4prez
I always Enjoy listening to you Mr Trump!! You give great advice! God Bless!!
PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU TO LIBERATE USA
I had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual OTR
Miamis top destination,remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas
Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
I heard nbc pays don 3 million week for his show n president makes 8,000 week. Just watch!
The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for.
Obamas promises on the Iran deal are like him promising if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it -
TONIGHT at 10 on CSN: +talk with T to discuss his new project in Virginia
. NYC course just opened, and it is spectacular: Thank you Joe!
ViaDonald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala
Rand, Cruz, Rubio next week. A hat trick of never gonna win Donald if you ever were for real this is the time.
F.Y.IWill make a excellent president He has what it takes to turn this county around he is Donald Trump for a reason.
. admitted their scam. Phonyand others are no better-- total joke!
Please DO run!! We need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current President has caused us!!
for president.
I can't wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country! #Trump2016
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the greatby his wonderful son
my money is on you in making a deal with Iran.
Viaas seen onTrump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day
Trump 4 President 2016....count on my vote!
Hoping to seein office for the next 8 years #Trump2016
We desperately need another great president. Come on Mr. Trump, America needs you!
I'd vote forb4 christie jeb schumio
- I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back- he is a Patriot
You know... DonaldTrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. Maybe he is our modern day Patton?
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
Great interviewon!!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!
Trump is RIGHT: we are dealing with zealots, animals and amateurs... WAKE UP. No deal, Walk and walk fast
I hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy.
Your exactly correct. Don't let me down by not running for President!
Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way.
good job on O'Reilly tonight!
The townhall question segment of myCommitment 2016 Conversation Great questions/people #FITN
You can count me in! Why do you think I'mBecause I believe in you and trust your judgement!
for president !
I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course, looks amazing! Thanks!
Saw you ontonight. Go Trump!
will bring #America back. Our #savvy #optimism and #pride needs a #STRONG #LEADER like Donald Trump. #Elect2016
MyCommitment 2016 Conversation withdiscussing leadership, China, healthcare &amp; veterans
Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Friendliness, professionalism &amp; sheer dedication of staffshould be pointed out to the boss
Get in there and straighten this country out!
My friendis making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS
Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal &amp; who would not make a bad deal w/ #Iran
The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Lets make America great again!
Thank you for having #Trump on!! Want to see him educate reps on #Economy !!
Must read viabyMr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?
I pray to God you run for 2016. You are the one man that can save the USA.
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
Very excited to start reading #theartofthedeal after being so inspired by #howtogetrich Great. Good luck!
Donald Trump and Condoleezza Rice. What a ticket that would be!
Fun chatting w/ Derek Hough, Donald Trump, Zac Posen, Harvey Weinstein, Meredith Vieira and more
Great interview on O'Reilly tonight!
Just came back from Chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! Best looking one in the city. Class and luxury all the way
ViaDonald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump
I'm with you,
Money was never a big motivation for me,except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics.
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
I'm loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run
I would support you if you were going to get in the raceThanks.
I wanted Trump to be the President in 2012 the country needs Trump to be the next president in 2016
Excellent appearance on O'Reilly Factor tonight. The smart guy is what this country needs.
great job both of you! Donald you have my vote!
Donald, USA must NEVER allow Iran to make their chants death to America a reality
Via by Trump: You're Hired
ReadingArt of the Deal tonight for the 3rd time. Please run for president! #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs:See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!
The Smart Guy I love that slogan!
RUN Mr Trump! Run! #oreillyfactorI doubt Sec Kerry EVER read Art Of The Deal
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM oBAMA'S MALADIES!
best I've seen you / o'reilly. U bring a lot to the table &amp; r a true citizen.
For all the AMAZING people in the world with #Aspergers &amp; #Autism.
Obamas offer to Iran will not stop Irans breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
Turn onnowand enjoy true brilliance!
Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head, bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing Im a gay republican, ANNOUNCE!
Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez, we need him
Trump would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... &amp; in ONE day!!!
- We need Trump as President!
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Lets make America great again!
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
is not a #politician. Perfect. Build back a great #America, Say what u mean &amp; Get it done. #RealBusinessMan
First election I can vote in... I wantto run for president.
Just watched you onWant you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran.
You can't make a BAD Deal GOOD
I will be ontonight at 8:00. Enjoy!
for president !! #thesmartguy
MR. TRUMP. THIS NATION NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER. I ENCOURAGE YOU TO RUN FOR POTUS. YOUR IMPACT IS A GAME CHANGER.
The Smart Guy I love that slogan! Trumps Smart Guy approach #inspired me
Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.Think Big
I love youyou're an American original. Don't ever change. #oreillyfactor Thank you.
Suffolk Univ. Poll: Trump Leads Cruz, Rubio in New Hampshire
vBill you're out of your league. Don knows what he's saying
You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country! Thanks.
it's going 2 b good
What's happening to us is not a question of tough,it's a question of smart. Hurry and run already, we need to get smart
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
is a master negotiator. Obama can't even operate a toaster. #oreillyfactor
Good interview on O'Reilly - Many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over USA companies.
ViabyDonald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal
Don you have to run
The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP
MR TRUMP......HOPE WE CAN CALL YOU MR. PRESIDENT SOON!!!!! Thanks.
Start To Save America, PRES. TRUMP!
Building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. Support Donald Trump. He can make this happen.
I would most definitely vote for Trump for president!! He would be a real leader unlike what we have now
That's why we need tough, smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
RunRun!#oreillyfactor
Wow, what a nice honor!
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
Looking forward to speakingConvention in NashvilleThe 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege!
you would be doing our country a favor by running for President. #Trump2016
Please runyou will win. We need you
Message to Obama re: Iran: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.The Art of the Deal
Mr. Trump, please run. You'd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270
and Parlux Fragrances Partner To Launch Second Fragrance For Men. #iBusinessLounge #Business
viaOnly one man up for the job of president
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterdays Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring
looking forward to your annual dinner dinner tonight and hearing from#ACdinner15
The road to success is always under construction.
-- Arnold Palmer
First time in the fabled #trumphotel Toronto - concierge was amazing, &amp; experience is the right word Thx
Hi Katie, let's get Donald Trump in the WH. He's the man to get this country back in order!
You have my presidential vote! We need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financialrepair to America! Thx
If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
you would make an awesome president. We need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around Thanks.
Within Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST!
Heardmight be running for #president. Think that would be pretty cool actually.
Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!
I always enjoy your straight talk. I'm afraid America can't handle the truth. Perhaps so!
FlashbackJuly '14:Trump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight'
Great to see the future president back in Scotland. He is going to make Turnberry a very special place once it's finished!
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015
I am onnow!
Just saw you on Greta, hope your not just teasing us about running! Go for itYou'll see!
My int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations &amp; making America great again
I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends
Mr. Trump IS Mr. NYC Let's make him Mr. PresidentI am ready to work-it to get you in!
Congrats!! That is an amazing accomplishment!! Well deserved... #Toronto
I have to give DonaldTrump credit ... he lets everyone #tourists into his beautiful #hotel #residence...and it's beautiful!!
You are the best choice to turn around the country.
Doesn't suprise me one little bit, look who is running luxury Donald Trump that master of what people want :)
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
The girlfriend of Lubitz, thewacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
--
You would be the most straightforward Prez weve ever had. I dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter
Look forward to hosting clients &amp; guests at the Ayrshire Chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker
Many people think that WM23the battle of the billionaires was the greatest of all timeset all records
ViabyDonald Trump:'a very dishonest organization'
big things expected from tonight's key note speech :)
Viaby James Q. Lynch: Trump to run typical caucus campaign, but bigger
For POTUS #2016
Go toshow - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
ICYMI, viabyDonald Trump to give Iowa speech on education
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
I agree------&gt; The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege!
Donald Trump launches new men's fragrance-- Empire --Because every man has his own empire to build'
Watchingright now...I'm game! Let's take it and win!
please run for president this country needs a real leader please
Super excited to be spending Easter in Doonbeg #Spa #irishgirl #Donaldtrump #lovetrump #Ireland
US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport via
Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.Pres. Ronald Reagan
Watching Mighty Planes aboutprivate B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. He's as impressive as the jet. Thank you.
I remember visiting that building a real jewel I am proud of Donald once again stepping up to make America Beautiful
Trump for president!!!
the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. He's America.
I am tired ofthinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse.
The more I read aboutthe more I want him to be President. His directness &amp; honesty just makes sense.
I passed by yesterday while driving down the Whitestone bridge. What a beautiful sight
Viaby Eugene R. Dunn: Iran a clear danger
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
#Trump2016 #trumpforprez you will get my vote.
please run for president and get our country running better!
Dream Debate 4 #Election2016 Clinton vs Trump: Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!! #Trump2016
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Everytimecomes to Scotland, it's always sunny. It's not often for the sun to be out in Scotland
. calls out those negotiating with Iran on a new nuclear deal.
the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crownviaby
So true after reading the Art of the Deal #AMustReadBook #GoodAdvice
. Favorite Miami Hot Spots
this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!
Great! I can't get enough of that fantastic place.Thanks
Please save America! The country has over $18 trillion in debt!
#Trump2016 Please!
Trump 2016
You know we are desperate, so time to announce #TrumpForPresident. #foxandfriends
I totally agree I almost cried watchinginterview with you. Do it just do it Run and save America
Myint. onwithat OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again
Agree. Especially when have the best course and rates going. #bestofthebest
Like anything Mr. Trump puts his name on simply amazing!! The Bronx needed the Trump touch!Thanks.
ViabyTrump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street Experts
Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have
ViaTrump: Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the opposite
What a BEAUTIFUL First Family you will be!
id vote for you..
Sad to be missing it. Huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! America's future president
Off totonight for thedinner. Looking forward to seeing&amp; hearing his speech!
Donald Trump is the hope of America!
We need a Trump card in the white house. You can make this country back to the way it was!
Faster And Cheaper, Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink Gov. can be efficient w/leadership &amp; business acumen.
Fantastic advice as always. Thanks.
A Trump presidency would MAKE U.S GREAT AGAIN, MAKE MADE IN USA #1 , put more $$$ in pockets of EVERY AMERICAN #Trump2016
I would vote forfor President withas vice president. That would work for people in Fla.
Via Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
The Donald for President. Big YES! The Country Needs A Leader
I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. #TrumpForPresident.
I don't care what anyone says I'll take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-
Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
I rather see him as President than any Republican out there, at least he will think $$$$ and sense
I can't decide if you will be a great President or the GREATEST President! #Trump2016
. New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline.
You're my dream candidate. I hope your exploratory committee agrees. If they don't you should fire them. Cute!
Currently rooting forto announce his 2016 campaign
you have my vote!
. discusses our#TrumpPets program
Enjoyingthinking face
I found a few of your buildings in Busan, South Korea. They're looking clean and beautiful. Keep expanding the empire!
#KellyFile behind-the-scenes: Here I am withon set! He joins me at 9p ETtune in.
#trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote forin a heartbeat!!!
I really love and admirehigh level of work ethic &amp; motivation. Very inspiring to entrepreneurs! Thanks
April is Autism Awareness Month, join
me in raising awareness - get your
Light It Up Blue sign here!
#LIUB
great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done Thanks.
Please Run for the president, and make America great again. Americans worked too hard to lose their country!!!
You have my vote! #trumpforpresident #Trump2016
Donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do.
A brilliant weekend at Turnberry. Polite, friendly staff, delicious food and beautiful setting.
please run , you are republicans only hope
this country needs you!!
Amazing double rainbow above the course:A Good Omen for DonaldTrump
love YA Donald!!
Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations
what a great credit to Donald TrumpThanks.
Entrepreneurs:Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
-- Winston Churchill
Exactly. Thats y i said ive never voted REP but i will if Donald runs. REP or not, he gets it.
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!
Make the announcement June 14th !
Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
just watched celebrity apprentice in England. Wonderful. How did you choose between them. Whole prog was great. Thank you.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?inside the pages of our #Spring
2016
i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life. Great, you will be very successful!
Lend Us your Steel. Run. Run. RUN. #Trump2016
ICYMI, Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst receptionvia
Ok Ted effing Cruz is running. Come on Donald. For the love of God run. NEVER voted REP, but I WILL if u run.
#TedCruz for president? Haha. ReallyYou should run as support fornot as a candidate.
Annoyed Cruz running becos I don't like anyone cept
Run Donald Run!
Please run &amp; save this country
My dream!is an example of life
I love the Trump Family. They have done so much just in #NYC, how lucky other parts get to benefit! #GoodFamily
woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that! #Trump2016
Please tell me you're going to run for the BIG one...PRESIDENT! USA needs you! #AllTheWay #VoteTrump
He is what this country needs! Mr.Trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the USA respectable
Will be ontonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
Treated myself to a few nights in Trump Tower in Chicago. All I can say is ..WOW. You know how to look after your guests
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon!
I see Donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.He sees navet of America vs China
you have to run!! Your next!!
I can't wait forto beat Ted Cruz down in a debate. #Trump2016
Can't wait to seemiraculous border fence when he's elected President in 2016!
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful!
Run Donald Run!
great job Mr Trump lots of great ideas!! Looking forward to hearing more from you God Bless!
Trump 2016! Has a nice ring to it! You have my vote! Please run!
Much as I will miss Celeb Apprentice, we need a real President! I'd vote for him!Love to see him on #GDNY
1) I will vote for you
I thinkis the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is.
Will be onat 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser:Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness.
Thanks for the quotes today---a month away of starting my own business #helpfulGood luck.
#trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote forin a heartbeat!!!
ViabyTrump says he will decide on a presidential run by June
for president 2016!!
Listening to DonaldTrump interview onHe's so far above the rest of the field as a practical, realistic leader
plz run for President and get this country back on track! Plzzzzz!
my 2 favorites!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp;is the signature restaurant.
When you become President, who would be the secretary of the Treasury? No one can run a business better that you.
Go Team Trump!
Heard you on 770 today. You should run. #FORREAL
Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed. Thank you.
You will have my vote. #PresidentTrump
President Donald Trump would be an awesome presence in #America ; and we regain respect.
I've never voted... Ifruns for #President .... I'm voting for him
Just finished watching celebrity apprentice on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause
Run Donald Run
For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!
for president
Annoyed that Ted Cruz announced he's running because I don't like anyone except
you have my vote if you commit. You know what you can do. Give your people what America needs.
At this point, every arrow points your way.. We need The Don!! #trumpforpresident We need you, sir! Run! #betteramerica
I'm patiently awaiting a big announcement... #Trump2016
He would be a GREAT PRESIDENT and we need him to represent and protect America's interests worldwide.
You have my vote
DonaldTrump We need you to run and WIN! A true patriot with only the country's best interest at heart.
Right now... I would vote forfor president.
#Trump2016!!! You got our votes!!! Make it happen!!
wellmake an announcement. I love you and I want to see you do it!
Yes, I loved it! Close to #UnionStation for train travellers, which is what I was. #Toronto
It was a pleasure to meet Donald with Rep&amp; I at VIP Recept in Amherst, NH #nhpolitics
While I'll miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15, I think it's great thatwill try for the White House.
In N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in governmentviaby
America needsHe is the only one who can save us from the Leftie, Liberal Fascists. #VoteTrump
Has all he could ever want. If he runs for Pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again.
trump has a very good chance at 2016! We need you Mr Trump, The US needs you!!
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
please hurry up &amp; run,I'll vote for you!!!
Celebrity apprentice is great, got right into the series, big fan of it now!Great!
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities.
As a 16 year old young man, I am very impressed that I haven't been able to put down 'The Art Of The Deal' Great book!
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
I see it every day from the Whitestone - can't wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmax's
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?
Your C-PAC speech 2015 was presented so clear, straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob US has!
Say what you want aboutThe Apprentice is SUCH a career saver for so many people!!! #AbsoluteIcon
Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for President
If Donald Trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. We need to get this country turned around
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges
Omgfor president please
when starting a business, what is the most important aspect? Find work that you love--be passionate about it.
when discouragement comes in the business, what would be your suggestion? You have to expect problems. Keep moving forward.
I'm a #trump fan even though I live outside the U.S. but I like what I read and see from him. He takes no BS!True!
#GoodAdviceIn4Words VoteFor President.
Your son Eric is awesome.
Theres only one guy with the intellect, balls and know how to fix this countryDonald Trump 2016
The course looks magnificent !Thank you.
Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great
we needfor presidentSo true, thanks!
Please announce that you're running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!
great Hotel!! Stayed there twice.
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
The PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at:-)
Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.Donald Trump
Do it.
Jean George's is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful buildingThank you.
I enjoy seeingonPresident Trump has a lovely ring to it, I think. #TeamTrump
The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
Beautiful sunset of lighthouse and Ailsa Craig.
Trumpy really loves the Irish!
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th!
. at 7:00 A.M.
If there is anything America desperately needs, it's a Trump run!
Back in #NYC for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended
Trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could
anddiscussing thein New YorkThe best hotels
The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump, America is ready for you. Lets do it'
Trump Chicago is my favorite.
Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, Donald Trump. Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!
Can't wait to playthis April. Tee time already booked. Thanksfor another great course.
I am happy to announce that thewill be held atthis year!Followfor more!
Mr. Trump, our government is imploding. America needs your strong and honest leadership. Pls 'throw your hat in the ring'!
'Run Donald, RUN!'
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture.
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Ifgave a State of the Union address, I'd listen. #TheApprentice #Trump
Is it just me or doesseem nice?
you sound really presidential on2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win
would win any presidential debate. Trump for president!
#CelebrityApprentice don't follow me but he has children to be proud of. I really admire
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
is more than an entrepreneur... He's an American icon-and will definitely get my vote in 2016Thank you!
a great candidate for president! H:-)ope with my heart u run! Our country needs u
My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings #morningsarebetterwithfriends
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels
yes sir, wish you were President with decision power to lead this Country back to greatness
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art
Andy Warhol
What are you waiting for? Run! The country needs you! It's now or never! We need leadership!
is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us.True!
Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
He's the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count.
Awesome!
Watch, listen, and #learn. You cant know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. - Donald Trump
-You are what America needs right now- We need a bad-ass President that we can trust and knows how to lead
Trump is only good canidate - non-politician non-insider - bring transpaency back.
Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar, a repeat, overzealous tea partier, some Govs...blah
agree , he has my vote !!
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!
If Mr. Trump runs for president, we will vote
Reading The Art of the Deal for the 4th time over 18 years. Motivational and educational in different ways each time.
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
-- Benjamin Franklin
It's so gorgeous! You have amazing taste Donald!
can't wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see Donald Trump there today. #topnotch Thanks
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
and the Irish love Trump!
i cant wait
Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world.
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
I can vote in next election. If he runs, I will absolutely vote forDonaldTrump - he's the best candidate out there.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
ViaTakingSeriously#TCOT #CCOT Very interesting, check it out!
We need a president that can get America back on track and get things done!for president!
run 4 president we need your business mind to make America great again
I really appreciate your tips. Just started a business, going for gold. Thank you.Great--good luck!
Announced today the 33rd #PGA Grand Slam of Golf to be heldOct2015
#Trump2016 #jobsmatter
any tips on staying motivated? Keep focused on your goals. Think about them daily-- &amp; don't lose momentum.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
Inside Trump Tower in NYC! What a beautiful building! Thanks!
The White House is waiting for you to move in, Mr. Trump.
Mark it downhas my vote Great!
Looking forward to welcoming this event to the Greater #LongBeach area! #MeetinLB
The road to success is always under construction.
-- Arnold Palmer
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexicobut face itMexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
ViabyTrump Slams Bush: I Dont See Him Winning; I Dont See Theres Any Way
Don't ever change who you are!! I promise!
ViabyTrump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed#FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#CPAC th crystal ball to see th future: True Conservative candidates will be sorely missing. None of them measures toTrump
ViabyTrump: 'I'm the only one who can beat' Hillary
ViabyTrump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for POTUS.
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city.
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer
Looking atcompared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope. #Trump2016 WE CAN DO THIS
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
thx for the RT--what is a good book I can read, that can help me in starting my business? The Art of the Deal and Midas Touch
Donald Trump ready to endfor White House runvia viaby
US golf team needs to think outside the box and hireas Captain! Best course owner everTHANK YOU!
I thinkshould be running instead of Jeb. We need a REAL candidate, not a so-so leader.
Congrats. Have a great time! God Bless ! How about a hole in one!!!!
when Donald Trump speaks, you listen. Like you should for a real president. #TrumpForPresident
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
-- Gary Player
Legends on the wall in my bathroom at Trump Doral ..The refurb here is sensational, great venue!
. Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. Ive long been your fannow am an even bigger fan!
Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro byand a Q&amp;A with
your course stood tall last week. You should be proud. Not to many places can stand up to those big boys!
have to say I would love Donald to run---he makes me feel some pride again. Glimpses of Reagan
any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector? Know your territory.
ViabyQ&amp;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Donald!!!! Please run for President! Our country needs you!!!
Donald Trump for president
Mr Trump You are the epitomy of class Thanks.
Just arrived atfor thestarting tomorrow-
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
The Q IsGoing To Run For President. You Will Have My Vote.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business.
What a way to start my week! Love it!
Trump for President. You've had my vote a long time ago. #2016
Donald Trump's Ferry Point Golf Course Accepting Tee Times - #economy
Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels.
that's what a president of United States should sound like. #TrumpForPresident
The Blue Monsterwas a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
ViabyObama One Of The Worst Things Thats Ever Happened To Israel
Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax
On my way toWhat better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary!
WOW!
ViabyDonald Trump scolds Republicans: 'Toughen up'
just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK , great show and celebrities!
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.
-- Phil Mickelson
Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!
ViabyDonald Trump: I want to run for president so badly
2016 - President of the United States of America. God bless and God speed, praying for you and the country.
Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? It's important!
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
Also, I want to hitnew course, Ferry Point, when it opens. Views can't be beat.
great posts. As a budding entrepreneur, I appreciate the quotesGreat--work hard and good luck!
Only someone like you successful at so much deserves a shot to be President! We don't need another mediocre politician.
Mexico's court systemcorrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
I'll b there in a couple hours! Can't wait to see what this place looks like!
Donald for PresidentTrump istriumph#TrumpforPresident
Viaby#REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
glad your having a great start to your week! Keep it going! Run for President! We need You!
Quality fans, bro. Go Donald,your are the one to get this country back. DONALD TRUMP 2016
ViabyTrump says he is serious about 2016 bid, is hiring staff and delaying TV gig
for president
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.
-- Gary Player
Why don't you put a TRUMP fence up and do us all a favor. Great idea.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Extraordinario Concierto en #Doral conGreat concert at #mayorluigiboria
we need you in Washington. We've got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle.VERY TRUE!
The property and course look spectacular! #trumpworthyThank you!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Ifdoesn't run for president in 2016 I will gut myself on live TV
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
Good Monday morning from my room at the beautiful TRUMP OCEAN CLUB Panama. A great, great hotel!!
ViaMAJOR COUP: DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGN
I think I speak for most right-minded folk when I say: I really hopedoes run for president
ViaDONALD TRUMP: EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION WORSE THAN ITS EVER BEEN
We are breaking into real estate investing and we lovebecause he knows his business!!Great, good luck!
With my friends at the greatBoost event at theat
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.
-- Jack Nicklaus
ViaDonald Trump: I Am Not Doing This For Fun, We Cant Fix U.S. Unless We Put Right Person In WH
Will be onat 7:00 - 5 minutes.
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus
Entrepreneurs:Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
classic!
well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA
ExclusiveWe Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS
Save usyou're our only hope! #Trump2016
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for Presidentviaby
should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done
ViabyTrump Slams Liberals In Dishonest Press: Im Going To Start Naming Names
ViabyAbout that Donald Trump speech at CPAC
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
Entrepreneurs: Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings #foxandfriends
I will gladly volunteer for your campaign in my area . Please RUN . #VoteForTrump #TrumpForPresident
this country is ready for a true leader, and that leader is you! I agree!
The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. True!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
Put the glamour, beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, &amp; most importantly, the Oscars need credibility.
mom -leave me alone I want to just be with Cute!
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean...
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
RUN DAMN IT!
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.
Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf courseviaby
I told you the Oscars were terriblebad look, bad talentand among the lowest ratings in shows history.
Myint. within South Carolina withcadets on my 757 discussing 2016
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
My jointint. onwithrecapping&amp; discussing the 2016 election
I loveand the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man. #hero Thanks.
We are looking forward to welcoming you...
Thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs.My pleasure. Work hard!
so excited about another season of #TheApprentice
you too Gerald! Thanks for watching! Great job Heather!
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Two Canadian Coast Guard ships sent to rescue U.S. freighter stuck in ice. #globalwarming?
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why notthey are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
Trump to host #Oscars?
Good Evening Mr President!
we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! Please!
Great morning, coffee andonthis morning. Doesn't get much better than that. #foxandfriends
Via
Watching reruns of the apprenticeabsolutely lovebrilliant!!
run baby run!!! We need you!
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
Viaby Bill Van Smith:reminisces amid honor at
you got my vote for 2016! #VoteForTrump
Congrats! Excellent season and Leeza for the win! She was an amazing, classy competitor.
always on point
Looking forward to being honored atPatriot Dinner within Charleston, SC this Sunday
Geraldo: Trump Would Make US a 'Successful Capitalist Entity'
Please, Please, please run for President, I'm begging!!!!
Theis a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They dont report the facts!
I would love to just chill and talk withabout life. Man is a genius!Thanks.
had a run roundAils this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished. Thanks.
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best In Show of the 139thMiss P, visitedtoday-
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weatherboring and too many other topics.
Entrepreneurs:Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.
Daly'sso happy 4 Leeza. I was hoping she'd win all along.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
I would vote for Donald Trump! ! A true American who understands business and stands by American people!
Donald Trump and Geraldo Rivera recap 'Celebrity Apprentice': A look back at the exciting season
Congratsfor donating millions to various charities! #MakingADifference
YES! im recently in love with all things TRUMP!
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting!
nice job this morning on #Foxabdfriends ! You have my vote, not Walker
I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!
Evenadmitted you were nice and a joy to work with.
I told everybody the Oscars were no goodNielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.
#ObamaLovesAmerica like Rosie O'Donnell loves Donald Trump Interesting.
Ifran for president, I'd vote for him in a heartbeat.
THE DONALD GOT A MUSKET via
. is channelingthis morning in Studio 1A!
I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like aIf that makes me an exceptionalist, I plead guilty
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
is the only candidate for president that can beat Hillary and turn this country around. I agree!
just turned it on!! Can't wait to see you at #CPAC2015Great.
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular!
I'll sign up too. Where? When? I'm ready.
run for president
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
The only man who can get the US out of trouble. I will spread the word if you will run.
#CelebApprentice #CelbrityApprenticeLoved your choice for winner this season! Awesome job! Xoxo!
beautiful and touching tribute! Ahhh she is so missed!
Entrepreneurs:Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor.
Your not fired ! your hired! #TrumpForPresident
ViabyDonald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill
Congrats toof TrumpCollection's #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist:via
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
i plan on voting for you in 2016. We need economic success in this country I know you can provide
Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!#quote
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!
Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! God Bless you and yours
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorlythere is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tappedand nobody sees it!
my hero and America's hero! Thank you.
Viaby Cathy Burke: Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five'
To me, what matters is doing, and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money. -#Trump16
. will be featured onthis morning (now).
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
Via The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC: BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE
watching you now on #FOXAndFriends RUN DONALD RUN!!!!
Most people in the US wantto Be President...Really Nice. #VoteForTrump
The Great Irish Links Challenge&amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Dont miss it.#Doonbeg
ByNY Post caught 'LYING' Again! The Donald should go far. Actually, if I run, I'll win.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big? ~ #Powerful #QuoteOfTheDay
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
Donald, thank you for raising millions for charity on your show!
Congratulations
PaulinaVega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
LOVEThanks for saying what we think.
The most beautiful summary why real estate matters!
You need to be the President
I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. -Donald Trump
Its tangible, its solid, its beautiful. Its artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate. -Donald Trump
RTCongratulationsFive-Star ratings
Can't Wait! The show is already Great!
ViabyEXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential run
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war - Donald Trump.
ViabyDONALD TRUMP: MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKERS COLLEGE A DOUBLE STANDARD
Happy Valentines Day to you and your lovely wife. Jesus Loves you both.
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
If I could only read one of your books, which one would you recommend? The Art of the Deal.
Today is a memorable day, the team has begun to turf our new pitch &amp; putt!What an amazing place!
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
I began readingquotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday. Stay tuned for results!
cant wait!!! Took day off. :)
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful!
Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course.
Why is Trump for real? Because he knows how to deal!
any coincidence finale is on President's Day? #trump2016
Experience taught me a few things. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. Donald Trump
The Art of the Deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general! Thanks
ready to gain some knowledge from multi-billionairethis weekend will be nothing less than EPIC
I hope Geraldo wins...
Top 100 Golf Courses
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
- Huge fan of #CelebrityApprentice &amp; your legendary career! TX for sharing your wisdom &amp; courage.
Donald Trump: MSM Investigation Into Scott Walkers College A Double Standard - Breitbartvia
will be EPIC!
.#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?
I like thinking big... if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big. - Donald Trump
I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump
thank you for your amazing leadership and inspirational talk in this Valentine's Day
Geraldo..he's the man to beat..!
Learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. Amazing success story.
I live for every word this man saysicon#realestate#successfactors
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
ANYTHING WITH THE #TRUMP NAME IS EPICThanks.
Mr. Trump I am shooting for a Leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye! #celebrityapprentice
You need to be the President Thank you.
Donald Trump Rips Media for Scott Walker Investigation: Why Didnt They Go to Obamas Schools?
Will you be my valentine??? Or at least run for president?
you the truth!! I love you
#DonaldTrump was right about #RosieODonnell. She is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance.
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!
It MUST bebecause she is well rounded, hardworking, kind &amp; professional. SHE'S HIRED!
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing#AKMumpreneur
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
thanks for producing The Apprentice. Both the US and the UK shows are a real life management training program. Regards.
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
The entire cast will be back for the live finale ofMonday night at 8 PM
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary!
stands in defense ofcollege recordDonald J. Trump stands in...
#TBT With
JCOPE secret proceedings render it useless. Time to close it down.
Geraldo is going to win I might riot if he losses #CelebrityApprentice
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
Trump in Chicago is ALMOST as beautiful as Mar-A-Lago
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. - Donald Trump
please run for #president2016
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Please don't stay gone to long.You make great T.V. I already miss the show.#Hurryback#NewCast #HelpingCharity
Any chance you can make America 5Star please?
I still dont know who Im going to choose.orWho do you like?
cocktail time at Trump Turnberry
Trump is right
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
Congrats Mr. Trump justice prevails
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world, with a fantastic history.
Thank you for amazing tribute to my momBeyond touched. Xx#CelebrityApprentice
Obama records still a mystery - TheDonald: MSM Investigation Into Scott Walkers College A Double Standard
The Success of Donald Trump -
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show.
Leza Gibbons hands down! Geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader.
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
ViabyDonald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethics
Donald Trump: MSM Investigation into Scott Walkers College a 'Double Standard - He's right #tgdn #tcot
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. - Donald Trump #Inspirational
I so loved the tribute. It was just beautiful.
#FireBrianWilliams disgrace to news. Ask any military vet if they misremember being fired at.
one of the million reason to stay at Trump Turnberry
LeezaGibbonsRatings for #CelebrityApprentice have been at an all time high! #1
Congratulations to on your Forbes Five-Star ratings
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.#CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
The Success of Donald Trump - Read on
Inspiring! Determination &amp; perseverance will pay offThe Success of Donald Trump
Score one for the Donald in his battle with
should win! She has grown so much and is a natural born leader! So professional and kind. She's a gift!
Congrats toin JCOPE victory over lightweight
Great meetingtoday! #TrumpGolf #TrumpNationalCharlotte #1stclass
Looking forward to #CelebApprentice Season 15!!! My favorite show
TONIGHT is perfect time for D.T. to announce he's running for Prez.To Let America know Help is on way #Trump2016 #USA
#CelebrityApprentice season finale tonight!! G-R-E-A-T Show!
my God, I would pay to see you destroy Hillary in a debate, please run!
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
love the show
Why didgiveso much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
much respect fortonight #CelebrityApprentice
ViabyDonald Trump on Snow, Salt, Vaccines, and the Oval Office
your contributions to the world are priceless! Thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! Thank you!
please run and save us in 2016!!!!
Liar. Forbes hasnet worth at $4 billion.
glad he's back.
.I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!
Idk what I'm gonna do with my life now that #CelebrityApprentice is almost over lol
best top three ever &amp; so much respect for MsFox! #CelebApprentice
is up early putting ignorant people in their place
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
It's only 6am andis already putting people in their places via Twitter! Trump for president 2016!!!
This show is pure genius! #CelebrityApprentice
Viaby Diary: And Now There Are Two
the Celebrity Apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because ofand I can't wait for the finale!
. Noooo! You can't stop now!! I need more #CelebrityApprentice!
There was no need to embellish his stories. The man was so well respected. Now i can never look at him
sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you.
So much respect for Vivica Fox right now WOW! That was by far the classiest move I've ever seen on #CelebApprentice!
ViaBy Eugene Dunn: Trump could lead U.S. forward
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country.
Loving this look back at the Best of #CelebrityApprentice
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonights#CelebApprentice I can't wait!
why is your season so rushed???
What's up cutting season so short. Very disappointing. Still a Great show but way to fast.
I kinda liked Kenya on CA
I am voting forto winHe is not as slimy as I thought. He has integrity and does not lie.
this is my favorite show!!!!
favorite fails is MY favorite! #CelebrityApprentice #Trump2016
SHOW, THEIS THE BEST REALITY SHOW ON TV. #Educative #Informative
Love the #celebapprentice flashback! The winners are always the good people who DON'T play dirty. Donald keeps it #classy
Monday night...who needs football when you have #CelebrityApprentice#YourFired
kinda??? C'mon! You KNOW Kenya is Gone With The Wind Fabulous! Twirl her back on CA!
Clearly, you are a master of marketing and business success.
Am flabbergasted your name was brought up in visiting White House in the same sentence as Al Sharpton like Gold &amp; poop
DonaldTrump: Dont forget to watchtonightyou will love it! 8 PM on NBC. #CelebApprentice Wouldn't miss it!
Nobody out thinks me D.Trump #damn right! #great show
You looked very presidential last night on the tellyThank you.
'The greatest slaughter in the history of The Apprentice' -on my victory over#CelebrityApprentice
This is what I like best about you -- someone lies about you and you call them right out.That's how it's done
love thepast fails and successes. You have changed tv for life!
Thank youfor bringing value to every city and movement you have touched! #Imeanit
Donald Trump Congratulated onfor Receiving theLiberty Awardvia
Donald looking to clean house &amp; run for president?
Did U see Asselrod on #oreillyfactor last night?? He mentioned your name. He is such an arrogant asshole
I metat CHA. She's as amazing in person as she is on TV. Beautiful inside &amp; out! my pick #CelebApprentice
Gary Busey was one of my absolute favorites on #CelebrityApprentice. He has a big #Misunderstood
I hope you run for president! #Trump2016
Had a feeling it'd bevsMy $ is on Leeza!PS I wanna fly onjet!!
I would support you. I think you are very smart! Thank you.
Excited to see who will win #CelebrityApprentice next Monday! Such a great season.
I still c Geraldo as The NEW Celebrity Apprentice. #CelebrityApprenticewinner2015
When does the next season start?can't end something this good!
REALLY? David Axelrod comparing #Sharpton toUNFREAKINBELIEVABLE!! NO COMPARISON!!!
#CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show! I'm a big fan of Donald Trump. Donald for President. Thanks.
Dont forget to watchtonightyou will love it! 8 PM on NBC.#CelebApprentice
thanks for bringing it down toand#readyforthethrowdown
Great show! good time to replay past 'relationships' lol Hope Leeza wins! Would love to see NYC &amp; Trump Towers one day!
I feel robbed out of 3 hours of CA with these 4 straight firings
Although I don't love Geraldo on #CelebrityApprentice, his charity is really needed &amp;I hope he wins! #LifesWORC
Watchedonand the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
is a class act! #CelebrityApprentice
How can anyone watch #TheBachelor when Apprentice is on? I'm still reeling frommultiple firing last week
Watching #CelebrityApprentice &amp;is pure class!!!!
The only reason I want some level of fame is so I can go on The Celebrity Apprentice. And so I wait.
trump has the nicest hair of any presidential hopeful.Nicest hair=best president. Wow!
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
I am a student myself. I cannot believe that Obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. Trump for President!
Thanks for standing up for the truth.
not only nice hair, he is a warrior &amp; leader! You can trust him. He genuinely loves America &amp; American.
. use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!
Please bringback to the show. #Apprentice #Trump #Pokerplayer.
Yaaaaayon #CelebrityApprenticethis is the best!
why is your season so rushed??? He's getting ready to campaign!
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
my son didn't know who Meatloaf was so showed him Paradise by Dashboard lights
I have been waiting all my life for this recap episode. #Feuds #Fails
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonights #CelebApprentice
class act!!!!
I knew when I heard him say it you would speak up. Good on ya!
After watching this episode of Celebrity Apprentence no one can say anything about#AmericanValues
madeTop 5 list of #CelebApprentice all time FAILS!
I agree why less episodes.are fools
That was the best TV moment ever!
Can't win no matter what the truth is sometimes. . .
I just hate when #CelebrityApprentice ends cuz IT TAKES SO LONG FOR A NEW SEASON!
ViabyDonald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination
You were a Class ActWhen you toldthatdeserved to be C.A.
where did you get your boardroom table? Need to purchase one that size Cute!
I hated you firing too many people at once, not exciting, total bummer.Please, one at a time, psyched for next season
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched #celebrityapprentice. Gosh, I hope Leeza wins!
it's going to be very tough becausehas the contacts with big money but Leeza deserves it!
for president
I would wanna work for him. I worked for GW Bush and would wanna work for Trump.
I'm not, because if he runs the White House will be his.
#CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show on tv. This season was worth the wait! Now run for president, Mr. Trump!
should've made it farther He is terrific!
The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.
MUST READPresident Obama's Amnesty At Any PriceCongress - Use the Power of Purse! Defund Amnesty!
a bit behind with apprentice UK but art gallery show was unreal great show sir
ByHey Washington Post; Only You Hate Donald Trump or 'Is it FEAR?'
DonaldTrump. The problem with Brian Williams on celebrity apprentice is that he'll have miss remembered that he already won
Best reality show on television!#celebrityapprentice!
definitely rooting forI think she deserves it the most.
That was insane.
Such handsome men! Great pic!Thank you.
yay Joan Rivers is back #CelebApprentice #gonetoosoon
Time for Trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world, the USA!
great seeing Joan on todays
Entrepreneurs:See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
thank you for being so gracious. Beautiful hotel. #Doral
West Coast, get ready!truly delivers on two amazing hours of television tonight!
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT OF POWER BUT BRINGING #JoanRivers BACK ... INCREDIBLE!!!
I'm madrushed this season, they cheated the viewers/celebrities/sponsors
I'm gonna cry its Joan Rivers #CelebApprentice
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
Entrepreneurs:Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.
love the drama
The Donald fired THREE people this past episode that's why he's the best! #CelebrityApprentice
#CelebrityApprentice LUV LUV LUV thatleft the clips of Joan Rivers in this season! Thank u!
As usual Celebrity Apprentice never fails to entertain-Another great season-Cant wait for finale
The Art of The Deal; one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best Entrepreneurs
With all drama experience you gain in the boardroom, you could start a theatre company. #TheApprentice
#CelebApprenticeMISSINGless #Humor in life now!
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
Thank you for always treating her with love and respect
Didstealphone and Tweet about menopause?
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
Were worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting!
I Loved ever minute! Never a dull moment on #CelebrityApprentice
this is the best Celebrity Apprentice all season. Love someone else is getting fired!!!
#CelebApprenticeNice to have this footage of Joan.
ViaTrump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home dcor
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful.
Just seeingon themakes me want to cry.
Viaby: 8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs ThatEmphasizes
Go. Classiest lady to ever grace the show :)
Mr. Trump, as a young sales professional. What one of YOUR BOOKS would you recommend I read? Start with Art of the Deal.
Seeingis so tough, but also so very special! Glad she was on this season. #Blessings to
Mr. Trump, next CeleApprentice needs to have Brian Williams please. #CelebrityApprentice
It was very touching to see her! Miss her dearly
Entrepreneurs:Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Celebrity Apprentice is So Good 2night! Everyone going in Hard to Not get Fired!Favorite Monday TV Show #LuvIt
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday
This Celebrity Apprentice is looking good so far... Can't wait for the boardroom !!
Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
I'm saying..really laid down the smack last night!!had to pick up my jaw! #GhettoFabulous
I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video-
What matters is where you want to go. Focus in the right direction! -- Donald#_WojuBeforeYouVote
love this show and Donald!!! I hate drama..unless its not mine
ViaThe Donald at
Best Apprentice ever BTW! Just needed more Gilbert!! Can't wait to see ur hotel in DC!
are you going to be atthis year? I can't wait to hear from you there!
LOL I remember those episodes...priceless
. glad to see Kenya go. Even gladder to seeagain. #RIP Love you Joan!
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Congratulationsfor being named inTop 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers!
There will never be anyone as #Funny I Bet
Must read opinion piece byCEO Jim Clifton: The Big Lie: 5.6% UnemploymentJust as I have long been saying
Via The Washington TimesMr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Toronto.#1 in all of Canada.
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
ViabyDonald Trump,HeadlineGala
yeah couldn't believe what just happened
I enjoyed this season! You've done it again!
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
ViabyTrump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. --
Benjamin Franklin
#CelebApprentice With three wonderful, but fired, contestants-
Donald Trump plans return to Iowa
via
she was wonderful Melissa! Truly missed! Cherish your memories!
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00. It's been hilarious ! Good pick Mr Trump!
#MissLithuania #MissU.I miss this beautiful place.and my gorgeous friends...
HonorsDonald Trump,at Second Annual Jewish 100 Galavia
My father's 4 step formula for success: Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out. -- Fred C. Trump
Donald, Run for president man, Seriously. Make it official.
you were great!! Such a great team player!!!
Tonight's shows are fantastic! Love this season.
RTThe CPAC Team is excited to announce thatwill be speaking at CPAC 2015! #CPAC2015
Mother's looks and dad's smarts: she'll go far.True.
yea she smart but I think it will be Gerardo he's a cunning one #snake one I would turn my back on
ViabyEXCLUSIVEDONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant.
Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so.
Entrepreneurs:Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Leader of vast inteligence!! Awesome TV, inspires, never gives a stale second!!!#Prez#Tump2016
Yes! We are being attacked by so many! We need you to Get in and Get it Done #trump2016 #leadership
President Trump #Trump2016
Incredible season of the Celebrity Apprentice. Favorite show! The $$ you raise for charities is amazing. #inspirational
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
Thank you for creating a real realitea! That actually helps charity! #donaldforpresident #classact
Toxic Trick is my new favorite #CelebrityApprenticeClearlywas right about
Get rid ofalreadyShe's a bitch no matter who she's with. #CelebrityApprentice
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
What an amazing hotel. Worth every penny and then some. Thank you
Salute to. Thanks
Won't tiptoe around tough issues others fear! He has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the Boardroom.
Entrepreneurs:Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard!
Congrats Trump it's a great location
Mitt did the right thingnot because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the racelooks like he wont be endorsing Trump any time soon.
Congrats tocelebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on
ifran for president that would make me so happy
watching Celebrity Apprentice right now! I love this show!!!
ViabyDONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
I am sick of Geraldo
Donald Trump: 'I Will Take Full Credit' for Romney Dropping Outviaby
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00. Ready
TalkFeudviaby Virnelli Mercader
really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. Turn us around.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Can't wait to see how #Phonegate plays out #CelebApprentice
Kind Compassionate Heart! Proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have Dad's Heart! Thank you!
Myint.'Once a Choker, Always a Choker': DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Out
i love that tie you are wearing. Presidential. #CelebrityApprentice MACY'S!
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
Viaby John Skipper: North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it
If you run for president I would vote for you. This country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city
Celebrity Apprentice Is ON !! Its Monday baby!
Major Jewish Newspaper to Pay Tribute to Joan Rivers &amp; Donald Trump Next Month...
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is #1 Resort in Europe/Conde Nast Traveler
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt chokedand would do it againeverybody said yeah, hes right.
u are so nice on ur show! Xo
Please run for POTUS Mr Trump. The country needs you more then ever
awesome. We all know your keepin it real.
Now that Mitt is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to runand we will win!
run for president!
Donald, you are my best mentor to richest and successful
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
Pete Carroll need to be added to the show, worst play call in Superbowl Historyfire his ass!
You are the best #billionare and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books! Thanks and good luck.
President Trump?viaby Wayne E. Williams
Watching Celebrity Apprentice! I hopewins!! Love her!
this episode beats Pierce/omarosa and Joan / Annie Duke
It's Apprentice time
wow sounds like something huge is about to hit us next episode I can't wait!
I voted 4do YOU want to run4president on the Republican side?Vote here: Vote
Remember, tonight's 8 oclock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best everyou will see nothing like it on tv.
I can't wait till #tweetgate #celebrityapprentice simply the best!
Can't wait to see the beautifulon live TV Mar. 5-8, in the promo the Blue Monster looked stunning!
another drama filled hour ! Cannot wait to see who is going home today.
Bringing everthing i got tonight all for the children with EB. ..
watching #CelebApprentice makes me even more
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call somecoach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Can't wait to see #CelebrityApprentice tonight!is my absolute favourite!!!
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp; they are rightMitt wouldnt have won anyway.
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks passwas DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
Lets together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at
ViaWears2014's $300,000 Crown, Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look
It's time for.
ViaTrump,Make Up After Digs at Each Other
Getting ready to tune in for another great episode of #CelebrityApprentice...
let's get it on baby!!! Celebrity apprentice its on!!!
For the record I thinkrocks and I would never boycott #CelebApprentice - the entire Trump family is amazing.
!!!!!!! RTBest Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
With all due respect, Why are you bluffing about running for President? I would vote for you!! We need a game Changer!WATCH!
TRUMP FOR AMERICA!
Thanks Patti, I hope they vote
Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner .
An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
votedThanks.
#Trump2016?
Fallout from Iowa: Trump Speech Drew Greatest Responseviaby Jim Meyers
Next president of the United States of America.#Trump2016 you've got my vote.
And now trying to rewrite herself as honest person who refused to do drama. Ha!
it will be if Kenya goes home. She is a ridiculous untalented egotist.
We need a President that is for the USA, Donald Trump knows how to make an empire.#YVNCG inc.-Buffy
It's a #CelebApprentice night!!!! Wonder whowill fire.
Do you see how disgustingly disrespectfulis to&amp; yet she says she's nothing but nice to people?
you have my vote
I hope you can go toand vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
My int. on Donald Trump, presidential politics and 'The Factor'
we need the real Donald Trump to RUN for president
Ifdoesn't fire Kenya tonight SOMEHOW I'm over this show. Come on Don, you're smart. Get rid of her.
Tonight's episode ofis not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.See yourself as victorious!
I'm watching Mr. Trump! Now and every year past. LOVE IT ! And I'm a HUGE fan of u, Sir. Thanks.
I'm obsessed withHonestly,Mr Trump, you are very inspiring
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!
Kenya is a dirty thief! I hope she gets FIRED.
Viaby: Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City
stayed there many times its #FABULOUS
Great job on Tv this morning. Thanks.
Viaby3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!
Love #CelebrityApprentice and am a huge fan! Would love to c u run for #president! #teamdonaldtrump!
Say what you want aboutbut the man is an excellent businessman. He never gives up.
my idolhe's the motivation
Viaby Eugene R. Dunn, Medford: Donald Trump towers over GOP fieldThey hate us because they ain't us.
First time watching #CelebrityApprentice tonight.plays no games!
Geraldo has lost his mind. Fire him please! #CelebApprentice
Screw the terrorists#TheApprentice
All 3 of the Trump men are handsome! Love watching #CelebApprentice!
I LOVE DONALD TRUMP....COAST GUARD -YES!!
Nice of you to askto help the Coast Guard.
ByNY Post caught 'LYING' Again!The Donald should go far. Actually, if I run, I'll win.
I personally loveand really hope he runs for Prez! #CelebrityApprenticeThanks
is my role model on everything.
WatchingThe Trump Family so classy and smart, great people
When will People magazine finally realize that THE sexiest man alive is Donald Trump! You are sexy and adorable! #gotmyvote T
this show ROCKS!!!!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
. - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad!
. was 100% correct when she stated thatused us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!
don't get onnerves you just join the team #CelebApprenticekenya a troublemaker
. How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
Video--to: Jeb won't beat Hillary Clinton
Entrepreneurs:Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Overall this is the best dressed cast ever!#rhoa
They are morons Mr. Trump, I heard your speech it was excellent.EXACTLY what America needed to hear!Thanks.
Geraldo and Sig are a disaster on this boat tour
I don't care what anyone says about him, I will always love Nice!
!!!!!!! RT this show ROCKS!!!!
- I love this show, been watching since it started years ago!
Trump recognized Kenya's effort #CelebApprentice that's good thank u!
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins!
Great to hear!
As usual, the storm of the century was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!
Wow, I have always liked thebut they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.
Thinkwould be a great President
Thanks Joe!
My parents:
Trust in God and be true to yourself. -- Mary MacLeod Trump
Know everything you can about what you're doing.Fred C. Trump
By the wayyou will NOT want to miss #Phonegate next week on #CelebApprentice. That's all we're gonna say.
Trump: 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rally
I'm with, The new WTC is not grand. It should've been much, much more grand.
But, I loved seeingbrand onshow. Her shoes are my favorite. I have a closet full. Great
ViabyWhy Donald Trump is Right
Mr. President when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? The celebrity apprentice is A perfect show.
Entrepreneurs:Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
I want to be a business woman someday ! Love this show :)
wrong decision but I understand why you did it #ratingsNot really!
that's the greatest smile EVER President Trump..
I guess Rupert Murdoch and thedon't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said bull.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
. continues to deliver the goods
Getting ready to go on- two great people!
Country's been run by low I.Q. people for years. Why amaze us when they speak.
#CelebrityApprentice has caused me to like Brandi.
I wantto winShe's incredible! Such a professional! I dont think I've seen her stumble once!
drives me CRAZY !!!!!! Can't stand him please fire him ASAP!!!!
Wonderful!!
Congratulations to the 7properties who madeBest Hotels List:
so sweet askingto give the US Coast Guard money too!!
awesome show. I haven't missed 1 show from season 1 till nowGreat!
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash!
Going over toto do LIVEat 9:00.
Watchingon #celebrityapprentice
We couldn't agree more. Truly amazing!
Via I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd
Excellent article, read to the end Thanks Mark, and keep up the great fight!
I guess this is the first family
Love a reality show that gives back to those most in need.TVwith a social conscience.About time
Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
I'd rather haveon my side than a few whiney housewives
loves the
The grey sofa don't match, Sir... but It is just my taste. I agree, butlikes it - too bad.
oh and my apologies! How wonderful ofto give $25,000 to the CGuard. Amazing heart
Another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages.#newyorkpost #tcotSO TRUE!
thanks for letting me use yoursketch tonight onYou're Pencilcasso!
Dear Mr.Please Fire Geraldo's Ass! Sincerely, All #CelebrityApprentice Viewers I second this
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum!
Awesome!got $25k fromand $40k fromforCharity wins!
Surprise,used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the showthen talked about everyone else but me!
ISsoPLEASE don't fire him! #DamonKnowsWinning
Hello Mr President! I'm a big fan of your work mate and the show#CelebrityApprentice
Congratulations are in order!ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by#TravelersChoice Awards!
Donald Trump 2016: 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopefulvia
great job supporting Sig and those bartenders :) beautiful and classy!!
What is worse, Geraldo screaming 'screw the terrorists' or Kenya feeling she's 'fabulous'? #CelebrityApprentice
i think Ms Fox outclasses both of them #justamatteroftime ;)
is trying to setup putting her in loser seats #CelebApprentice
RT Where the hell is global warming when you need it? I dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the GOP in 2016
next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already!!! It will be best EVER!
Kate Gosselin is low key good at these tasks#CelebApprentice
President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the massive storm.
One of the many reasons I like the Trumps...each family member is charitable and kind. Thanks
is like that bunny that keeps on ticking Just waiting for him to explode!! #CelebApprentice
Sig &amp; Johnny Damon are good guys. Met Damon several times last at Eric Trump's St JUDES Event he is always the gentleman.
Just when you think it can't get any better.. It does!!
Ok Mrget beyond talking and start doing. Announce a run, don't just talk.Watch!
Omarosa of this season, Kenya!!!
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong???
. I am sorry butchoked - he doesn't get a second chance Amen!
I DVRd Kelly and Michael today to see you, but you weren't on! Missed you! Wednesday!
I hope I don't miss #CelebApprenticedue to news coverage of #Snowmageddon2015
Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential BidviaGot my vote!
hopefully europe will finally have a winner it's only been since 1990.
. and friends at
that is great this is a show that teaches you real skills - very few shows on TV actually do that!
Paulina Vega, Miss Universo junto a Donald se ve decepcionado
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
-- Albert Einstein
Via: on Politics: Trump Talks Iowa
. highlights the opening ofbrand new #RedTiger course:
Word is thatis firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
If this country is still existing with Obama in charge, then imagine if Trump was prez! It would be awesome.
Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!
Top5 The 63rd Miss Universe should be #USA #THAILAND #COLUMBIA #SPAIN #JAMAICA #MissUniverse
YOU HAVE to run Mr.Trump! YOU are the only person on the roster that can ACTUALLY do the job! PLEASE, Please Mr.Trump, RUN!
Withfrom #TheBachelor in Iowa-
My speech at yesterdays Iowa Freedom Summit
via
ViabyTrump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit
brings great entertainment to #CelebrityApprentice
rhetoric, he would have become our next president.
ViabyTrump Blasts Romney, Bush; Says GOP Has 'Nobody Like Trump'
spent $400M in 2012 &amp; didnt win a single race
Thecontestants review their amazing stay at
#CelebrityApprentice tonight
Wishing Trump was the Pres.
I'm so glad your showinwill be extended 4 two hours.. I enjoy it !!!!! #great show
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
I bet ur great in bedTrue!
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by and
If Trump ran in 16' it would be the 1st time I could stand by our president since I was old enough to understand politics
ViabyDonald Trump: GOP nominee cant be Mitt, cant be Bush'
Donald you have to really try this time .We need you're skills
was watching your commentary on the upcoming Presidential campaign. You're absolutely right about Mitt &amp; Jeb #Donald4Pres
Do it PLEASE!
we sure could use someone who cares about America
Oh yeah, and another thing, we NEED you to run! Save America before it's too late.
Yes, My simple campaign slogan,which embodies your supporters' feelings RUN DONALD,RUN! Please Run Mr. Trump!!!!
. ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night!
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
can't even imagine how great this place would be w/ you at the helm. Thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the USA
Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bidvia
Donald Trump: Jeb Bush's Support of Common Core 'a Disaster'viaby Dr. Susan Berry
ViabyIn Iowa, Trump Promises to Surprise a Lot of People
outside of the apprentice, hardly anyone watches the obama network... aka
DonaldTrump: Just imagine being sworn in Jan '17 &amp; as you bring your right hand down point at Barack &amp; say YOU'RE FIRED!
trump 2016 you have my vote
RUN DONALD,RUN!
Please don't wuss out of running for President
RTSo this happened at dinner tonight#MissUniverse 8pm
I just saw you talking withTrump for Prez! I know you can get these clowns in line. You've got my vote
Just been informed bywant to extend the run of theby two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
ViabyTrump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'
Can't wait to see #SleepyEyes on the next #CelebrityApprentice. Oh wait, he would have to be a celeb
$ave your $. Dont invest inHe doesnt have a clue.
I wish you would , love to hear, you fired to them in Washington, D.C.
Watching Home Alone 2 with the little. Didn't knowwas on it! Love The Donald!
Watch the 63rd AnnualPageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM!
Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender viaby
the hooters cruise is a bust literally
was great - really laid out the problems and the solutions/he,were best
mr. Trump do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl coming up what is your pick? Coach B, Brady and Kraft!
ViabyDonald Trump: I Can Make America Great Again(Hyperlinked on
Best speech given by@ FreedomSummitSense. says Jeb/Mitt *
Woooow! Was I wrong?? Wastalking about Sig when he said vicious? #whatjusthappened #celebrityapprentice
Viaby Rich Schapiro: Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush
Thanks tofor the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to&amp;on a great success!
U NEED to run against Romney/Bush. You know infinitely more about economics. But you must publicly criticize them #GOP
ViabyTrump touts business career, but not TV show during Iowa speech
he is right neither Bush or Romney should run. We need someone who is not a wimp
Trump: No way Bush, Romney would win in 2016viaby Barnini Chakraborty
A huge honor forfor being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by#TravelersChoice Awards
yes Rockettes, broadway, and those celebrities there have themselves as props HELLO?
With oil below $50, the blighted views by windfarms of historicwill be very sad. #SaveCulzean
No one did a Broadway theme?! Waiters in top hats &amp; tails, dancers, Kiss Me Kate cocktails...#CelebrityApprentice
That's what I said too. That's something everyone knows about NYC and it's a huge celebration.
Good morning to you. The pageant was fabulous! Ms USA came so close. Then tonight is Celeb Apprentice.
RT has done great, why not listen to him again! SMH!
Geraldo makes me laugh, I love him
If I was ever on #CelebrityApprentice, then I would want to be on the team with#GivesHisAll
Each celeb could pose for photos, they can become the theme
YESSSS!!!! Oh Donald Trump, you truly are the king of kings.
would be a shock to have an experienced CEO in the WH rather than incompetent community organizers
I saw you in Des Moines and now I can't wait for celebrity apprentice to start.
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Just leaving forin Iowa--standing room only. My great honor.
Run Donald Trump run. Run for POTUS.
I have to admit that The Donald would make one heck of a president. Especially with the problems USA is facing.
we sure could use someone who cares about America
DonaldTrump you would have my vote! It's time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office
All newstarts right now!
Keep trying different hotels while in Vegas, so far TRUMP is the easy winner... BY FAR in every way Wow!
Good workshooting -5 today in theevent in Hawaii ; sporting thehat.
ViaDONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT: OBAMACARE A FILTHY LIE, CAN BUILD A BEAUTY OF A BORDER FENCE
fellow conservatives. I would just tell Donald to run
filipinos love u Mr Trump! you are famous in the Philippines!! we love what u do! thank you
The best phrasehas ever said? We don't need another Bush Well said!
. Save our nation, Tell the GOP Leadership(?!) to shut up and go home...
I'm the one person who can make this country great again, nobody else can-
Why do people givecontributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win?
ViabyTrump: I can make America great again
Trump has SWAG
Everythingtouched turns to gold #takenotes
ViabyTrump: Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?
ViabyAboard Donald Trumps 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention
ViabyMeet The Latina 2014Candidates
I think I'm getting addicted topower and his voice. #CelebrityApprentice #yourfired
u r amazing, students and business's learn so much through ur program it's very inspiring as well as entertaining. Thank u!
Thanksfor your tips on entrepreneurship,it encouraged me to open a new chess sports club at Uni! #MyPassion
... Your tweets are always epic!!
Congratulations toon delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.
What a true entrepreneur! Celebrity Apprentice creates great leaders, which offers successful tools along this journey!
ViabyDonald Trump: Giving serious thought to presidential run
My only Question tohow do you handle all these Celebs? Crazy! My hats off to you!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
You have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a President that can bring the pride back in being American!
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
-- T. S. Eliot
great PM choices! #CelebrityApprentice
the top 2 of Miss Universe 2014 should be #Usa and #Colombia
It's such a bitter sweet emotional time seeingon you for airing this!
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively availableoffers the tops style in menswear
Which National Costume do you think should win?
awesome. A treat to get to see the brilliant Joan Rivers once more #icon
Trump at Tea Party
via
Congratulations toandfor receiving theFive Diamond Award again this year!
you did awesome ! Loved the challenge !!
Boys from the hood call me Black Donald Trump #facts Great.
Watching Celebrity Apprentice and missing Joan Rivers
- I do not understand how are they still in business.H &amp; R Block is terrible!
I think if a GOP candidate really wants to win, he will nameas the chief trade negotiator.
Which National Costume do you think should win?
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Trump Tower is not a building, it is an event! - Donald Trump
SO upset that Celebrity Apprentice is almost over, it's WAY too short this season, realize there's 2 episodes BUT want MORE
love Leeza, she's amazing tonight
Entrepreneurs:Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.Whatever happens, you're responsible.
I think the best are, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Japan, Dominican Rep. Canada, Colombia
ICYMI,int. ondiscussing&amp; contestant rivalries on
thehas kicked off! We'll see you tomorrow!I look forward to it!
TEA TALK: Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trumpviaby
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season ofhere
Agreed! Romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat Hillary. We need Trump!
When I grow up I want to be just likeThanks.
Tonight onIm talking #CelebApprentice. Tune-in!
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson
I love watching the two episodes in one! #CelebApprentice
The new winter menu explores the evolution of fine dining -
Love this man!!!Thanks.
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- no more fighting! #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse
I hope that in my lifetime I will see you deliver a State of the Union address. President Trump....i'm ready for it!!!
Donald Trump onhe'll be attomorrow
I look forward to attending &amp; speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expototal sellout crowd
Lovecomment about whatsaid about LR. LMAO!!! #CelebApprentice #teambrandi
Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach #SCTeaParty15
Entrepreneurs:Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
andare my favorite people on TV. #CelebApprenticeThanks.
Donald Trump is a respected businessman with insightful political opinions. #foxnewsfacts
Please save us from this BS in DC, my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected, please run.....please!
inside look at Donald Trump's private jetby
great season. It gets better every week.
Which National Costume do you think should win?
Looking forward to the next episode..
Bittersweet to see the very missed &amp; very talentedon
Withandfromtwo great people!
Donald Trump To Mitt Romney: 'Youre Fired'via
Tomorrow on theFacebook page submit your final question for the contestants-
Which National Costume do you think should win?
should've been you making that speech tonight #SOTU2015 I agree!
I lovepersonality
I loveHe cracks me up. #CelebApprentice
you were my inspiration to go for my B.S. in marketing
Ted Cruz would be fine as would Huckabee. But Trump would be best and Romney the worst.
Thank you for all of your kindness and support. My mother loved you all. LOVE!
Just watchedBill Belichicks news conference. He did a great jobsmart, concise, truthful!
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why arent they arresting a far bigger crook --
Entrepreneurs:See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
ViaDonald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016
With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom!
What's more intimidating, Mariano Rivera's cutter, or getting fired by Donald Trump? Johnny Damon says it's Trump.
Can you get me a parking slot at Mar a Lago on Sunday its very busy with the car show meetingYes, call me!
It was so great to see Joan Rivers back on my TV screen, truly miss herThank you DonaldTrump. I love watching The Apprentice
my daughter n I watching #CelebApprentice very inspiration. u r a very humble gentleman, love the boardroom.
what do you think of Miss Universe Bahamas?Beautiful and nice!
Going to go seeat thetomorrow, last year it wasTotally sold out, great.
I am Lovingon the show :) :) she is my favorite. #ApprenticeNBC
Focus on being the next Prez Donald! we need you!
agree with Mr. Trump fornominee to win in 2016. Can't be Mitt. Bold conservative needed.
you have such amazing style and a strong role-modelshould be proud
Which National Costume do you think should win?
The Land Investment Expo is completely sold out with record attendance for our Eighth Annual on Friday.
Caught up onover the last two nights.You've done it again! Awesome!
no wonder you are smiling
It is so unbelievably nice to seeon the#CelebApprentice
Loved seeing Joan Rivers tonight! Andis such a classy, amazing woman. You should be proud!
Great list of spring travel ideas from ourproperties:
him and Sailor Jerry
you are so genuine with Joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was.
When Trump is president do you think he'll televise cabinet meetings &amp; fire someone each week?
Another great #celebrityapprenctice #CelebApprentice tonight!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
God Bless You for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend Joan Rivers in Monday's
Interview:Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds downvia
Viaby Paige Austin: Trump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdes
I will never get a reply butis the real deal. #TCA15 is the best show on tv right now.
You did a good job Ivanka. Great show!
Heading toTrump International in West Palm for a match with and Mike Goodes.
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
Whether it's the original or celebrity version,I love
Joan is one of the greats. Wonderful to see her on #TheApprentice for the last time. God bless you Ms Rivers.
WAIT till tonight To see EpisodeW/JOAN RIVERS!!a true Winner!! Hope you PayTribute to her GREATNESS! JOAN#RIVERS !
Rushed home to watch my FAVORITE show #CelebApprentice .....
I think you would be one of the great Presidents! Admiration and respect from Canada Mr. Trump! Thanks.
so nice to see One last look at Ms. Joan Rivers on #CelebrityApprentice
can't wait for tonight's show. #TrumpForPresident
ViaDonald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle BeachLooking forward to visiting SC on Monday!
Always look forward to Monday nights! #CelebrityApprentice
Thailand
Look at us acting all nice at the #TCA15 for apprenticenbc !was quite the headline
Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach
via
please save us run #savior got my vote
I can't wait!!!
New episode starting now!
#CelebrityApprentice is only reality show that's interesting to me! Plus it's for charity.
In my opinion this is the best season of The Celebrity Apprentice!!
I always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w/o merit Mr.President!
Donald Trump: I'm Not Buying the via
Dont get me wrong, Mr. Trump is awesome, but where is he on our rights 1st, 2nd, 4th
ViabyDonald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party convention
It's going to be an emotionaltonight withfinal TV appearance. #CelebApprentice
Got out of class and immediately turned Donald Trump on as loud as I could. It's the weekend
. head to the Palmetto State #SCTeaParty15. Dont miss it
can't wait for the Miss Universe Pageant! Hopefully another Latina takes the crown.
Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos Verdes
via
Viaby Eugene Dunn: Trump the Nation's Great Hope
Do you think that #MissUniverse is like a world cup? TOTALLY AGREE
You got tweeted by D Trump? Ur a legend..
No better way to spend my Monday evening than watching Celebrity Apprentice
Top 6
Tune into #CelebrityApprentice at 8 PM EST on #NBC with the beautiful &amp; smart
You were awesome!
.in five minutes!
heyyou'd be the best president ever if you ran, right now you're hotter than ever!
Brady &amp;make for solid golf partners at Trump National Golf Club. #PatriotsVSColts
Cigars, scotch and The Apprentice. The best.
The country needs to be run like a business. No better person for the job than you!I agree, thanks.
Time for my weekly fix of #CelebrityApprentice
Well,has a point. But Caesar never filed for bankruptcy either.
Via Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH, S.C.
This man is our everyting!!!
Donald, you have such a huge heart, love everything Trump
my 10 yr old daughter watches #CelebrityApprentice over Disney Channel. #lovestowin #willlovetheshoes
Viabynames wrap up largest ever SC Tea Party Coalition Convention
awww looks like such fun! #TeamBrandi I'm loving ya on!! Good job
I don't know what you do but your doing it right.
Whether it's the original or celebrity version,I love
do not listen don you are great and should be presidant Thanks.
Not feeling well today, but I must take the time 4 #CelebrityApprentice &amp; #JoanRivers #CelebApprentice Great Season!
run already dude!
In Memory of via
please rate her Miss Indonesia, one of Fadil's fave
I am enjoying watching Joan Rivers onthanksfor inviting her #CelebrityApprentice
Viaby2014Contestants
tick tock it's here, love this show
I forgot how much I love #TheApprentice and Trump, so glad I'm watching this season! All hail king
Don't run for President! You'll win and I won't get to watch Celebrity Apprentice for four whole years!
You have accomplished so much this young, you have a huge road ahead
Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Conventionvia
AIR FORCE TRUMP: AHEAD OF 2016, THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY, BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINAviaby
75 degrees and perfectBeautiful work!!! Thanks.
The theme song NEVER gets old. #CelebrityApprentice
its unbelievable lately poor Atlantic City True, very sad, but I left years ago.
Btw this is afirstI announced the project winner!how did I do? Great!
Go Miss Philippines!!
Slams Romney 2016: He Choked like a Dog Last Time
no deberiAs mezclar tu imagen con este tipo de cosas Miss Argentina
. unveils brand new Red Tiger course at
you the man! You can never be too young to be a fan of you! #donaldtrumprocks Thanks.
Donald Trump needs to be president nowwwwww!!!
do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom?Not often!
I really, genuinely loveA man of reason.
Ready for a new eppisode of The Celebraty Apprentice! #yourfired #trumprocks
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!
Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space by
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
would love to play that golf course some day!! TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL
Oh,How I respect you- a billionaire,a family man,and a TV Star! Thanks.
I will be on tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
Awesome
ViabyDonald Trump praisesas 'strong,' 'vibrant' inreturn
Who is watchingwith me? #CelebApprentice
The BEST hotel in Chicago!Love this place!
beautiful tribute to the fabulous Joan rivers and Ivanka
A glorious winter afternoon in #Chicago
Why do we keep putting the same people on the Republican ticket for POTUS? Romney? Bush? Cruz? Paul? #YourTimeIsNow
would not miss it for anything.
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT!Next Monday night at 8:00
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
Miss Universe Top Contender this year? Y or N#MissUniverse
That is beautiful
Please run for President! This country needs you Mr Trump!!
MISS UNIVERSE PRELIMINARY COMPETITION ON JANUARY 21
Enjoying this season ofThank you for your intelligent, powerful, common sense approach
Monday mornings are twice as hard when I don't haveAND Donald to listen to. Thanksfor taking away my FOX!
#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?
Sig's just layin in the cut, sizin em up, &amp; lettin his pots soak! All bizz! GOOOO HAWKS!!
president donald j trump sounds great,but what do you think Mr trump?
You look amazing! Thank you.
#CelebApprentice Photo from last night's boardroom.
this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election, would love to see you on the ballot!
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
was pretty amazing for taking money out of his own pocket and topping both teams off to $300,000.00 #CelebApprentice
TRUMP 2016 !!!
who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice Watch and see what happens!
for president! Only vote worth casting!
if you decide to run, I volunteer to run your Southwest VA campaign
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
ViaWATCH: See How Trump Just Torched Obama, Biden, Kerry For Snubbing Paris Anti-Terror March
WATCH:contestants golf with Donald Trump viaby
love u on The Apprentice
was incredible tonight on #CelebApprentice !
#CelebApprenticeWhat do you think of the new teams/PMs?
can't wait for the new ferry point park course to open Will be great.
I have a huge problem with the Celebrity Apprentice. It's only on once a week! #BingeViewer Sorry!
people are talking about you running for the prez.
Remember,at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Cant wait to hear you ononthis morning. #CommonSenseMan
Great progress at #Akoya byarchitect Gil Hanse creating a masterpiece for #Dubai!
ViaOnly The Donald
please please please run for president!!!
Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time. PS love the Apprentice
Trump on Romney: You Just Cant Give Him Another Chance:Some golfers can't sink the 3 ft. putt.via
Love whengives advice to entrepreneurs on twitter! It's a great motivator Thanks.
your my #favorite on #TheApprentice
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM!
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all newat 8PM ET.
Will be on tomorrow morning at 7:00.
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode ofCelebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!
I do likeThank you.
Watching episode 1 of the new season of The Apprentice in Melbourne, Australia! It's Boardroom time!! Love this show!!
More fundual tonight. T.O. was in tough spot. Perhaps this..:-)
Trump National Doral = Beatiful, amazing, &amp; #BestShowersEver...and Gary Players pics in my room doesn't hurt!
you know how to lead! That's what the people need!!
for president, I cant wait for next Monday to watch
can't wait till apprentice !!!
Watching #CelebApprentice and I thinkis my fave person because he always is respectful and nice.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
heading to #Miami to watch theall the way from Australia !!! can't wait
#CelebApprentice is back! 1st episode on now in Australia! Love the boardroom drama, so good raising $$ for charity
I hopeorwin. They are fun to watch.
wow Monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with Joan Rivers.
2016
You really think we will have another elected President Before Obama starts WW3
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!
My stunning friendMiss India hope she gets 3rdcrown 4 India
Now you Have to run for #prez
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
What's Geraldo #gameplan #RunJohnnyRun#TeamIan
Myint. w/&amp;f/ on why Romney shouldn't benominee
ViabyTrump Unveils RenovatedRed Tiger Golf Course
ICYMI, int. w/ onfirings,Trump Intl DC &amp;
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?
Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All newtonight at 8PM ET on NBC!
RTplease firesoon! ...
don't know what's more intimidating going in the boardroom with DonaldTrump or being judged byandJr
ego is outta control! I believe he's trying to upstage Trump, but that will never happen.
ViabyTrump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run
Donald Trump for President! Big fan of the #CelebrityApprentice
All class on #CelebApprentice by- good job TO! cc
It would be really great to invite Ximena Navarrete as a surprise guest to next MUshow. We love her and we miss her!!
DonaldTrump Sir so enjoyed Appren tonight tears in eyes for Terrell Shawn so sweet adorable everything you touch turns gold
No No No ... Gosselin Has Go To Go ...
excited you will be in Myrtle Beach this weekend. See you there!
what an awesome night! #CelebApprentice
Here's an idea: Why don't DonaldTrump andrun on the same ticket, instead of running against each other? No thanks!
I say Donald Trump takeover the WhiteHouse now, Barack Obama is a fraud. DonaldTrump
Anxious for another 2 hrs. oftonight.
The new Red Tiger course at Followfor more great photos.
Im on board for apresidency! The man knows what he's talking about!
= A great man. Thanks.
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
#DowntonAbbey is just awful... too British :-( I preferwith
ViabyIn Palm Beach, nothing trumps the Trump Invitational
A list golfing buddy!enjoys golf w/Donald Trump ahead of
via
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the satirical rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
I know it makes for an exciting show onbut I still wish more had integrity &amp; patience
And the fired celebrities are...viaby
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
your awesome I hope you win brandi.
My husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say you're fired #CelebApprentice.
make $ while others sleep!
#CelebApprentice Why do we have to seewith out his shirt?please stop this from happening.
Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did.
Sean, I've been begging him, but will need someone with clout. Ask Donald Trump to run.
Myint.onHave No Leadership': Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally
run for president please
You ROCK and I u!
should be president of the united states
run for president so that Hillary don't win. Please?
Darn it! If only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation! #2a BUT THEY DON'T
Geraldo Rivera is the Gary Busey of this season of #CelebrityApprentice
to Donald Trump: Fire
viaby
A real man who cares about his country only needs a few hours to sleep. #TRUMP2016 #Work&amp;Progress
Awesome Job on Letterman, great interview!
Viaby Moshe Cohen: Donald Trump: French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed
is a BAD A$$, I could only be so lucky to have an amazing mentor like that in my life.
Love thatis one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the #2ndamendment!
ViabyTrump:contestants the meanest by far
love the #CelebrityApprentice! Absolutely 100% gold!
me too, Donald Trump for President!
Great job on Letterman. You're absolutely correct about healthcare it's horrible &amp; not working.
Photo: #JonathanAldridge &amp; #DonaldTrump#1 show #1 Golf Course
.Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!
great show this season #CelebrityApprentice
The donald looking good in the red tie on David letterman #VoteRed #2016
Man I love you! #TheDonaldForPres.
#CelebrityApprentice = my new favorite show Great.
watching you now. Great tv
would make everything better if he ran for president lol I agree.
You should totally run for president. I don't think Hillary has what it takes.
Finally a real American running America!!
I really hopeis running for president.
Why isn'tpresident yet #2016 is your year
what the celebrity apprentice &amp; as a Cowboy fan, I'm rooting for u!!!
ViaDonald Trump 2016: 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopeful
Say what you will aboutthe man is not only a business &amp; political expert, but he truly loves his country!
The French police are afraid to go into manycommunities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
Can you really argue withDonaldTrump view that an individual has the right to defend self &amp; family when life is directly threatened?
Hello Mr. Trump. I am very proud of you for saying what you said about Guns in Paris. I hope you become President.
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country. Exactly right! #trump2016
Watchepisode 2 online again viaNobody Out Thinks Donald Trump
Great interview on #Letterman. Yes, we r going to miss him!
But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun. -
Watchedon The Late Show talk fiscally responsible politics, we need more of that in this country!
Of course she is the BEST! No one will ever be better than she
#CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time. ABSOLUTELY!
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
= my personal hero
Factthe tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
views regarding a more affordable health care system expressed onis spot on.
on letterman.. #classic
Besides U, I thinkwould be a great choice as the 1st woman President. Very business savy like her dad
you really need to run for president. Our country needs a leader like you!
: U R spot-on; however, Fools reject and even rage at truths. King Solomon.
tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald He Should be #President
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago.
hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on Letterman! #trump2016
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
we need you to save our country! #runforprez
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
just caught up on the celeb apprentice AND IM HOOKED. GERLADO IS A MANIAC AND I LOVE IT AND YOU
Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for viaby
To be completed this year,Trump Intl Golf Club Dubai will feature a 7,205-yard, par 71 &amp; double-sided driving range
You ROCK and I u!
ViabyDonald Trump: France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attack
#CelebrityApprentice is my favorite reality show right nowS/O
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!
I will be ontonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time.
just watched y interview-the economic club. Great interview!! Thanks.
WIth us you are No.1
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
Entrepreneurs:Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
I have been hearing Mitt Romney might run. He doesn't know nothing. You do. He had his chance and he blew it!
#CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time. ABSOLUTELY! Wish it was on more!
So glad The Celebrity apprentice is back!! I love this show.
keepng t real on Davd Letterman
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
-- Henry Ford
I want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around#Trump16
#CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time.
I'd love to seerun in 2016
. should definitely run for president in 2016! What a true American
I love youI love yours booksresgards from Venezuela!!!!
watchingI'm thinking #DonaldTrump for presidentplease run I'll vote
We needto save the day! We're not worryin' at all bc Donal Trump is ON THE WAY 2016!! Listen for his call!
Watch my appearance onfrom last night-
I swearis my ideal. I just wanna be successful
DonaldTrump great job on Letterman last night! Great points on healthcare and our national debt! Thank you for bringing that up
Would you approve of Martin @ Scorsese or Francis Ford Coppola ever directing a movie of your life ? Would be fascinating!
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious Friend of Israel award at theGala Dinner
we need you in that office!! #Trump16 !!
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
2016 better be the year, first year I'll be able to vote and we need a money mastermind like you in office.
I just don't want #DonaldTrump to run for president because that would mean no more #TheApprenticeDonald Trumps Letterman
can't wait for my first presidential vote to be for you! #Trump16
ViabyDonald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Convention
both of you are role models
I always said I'd never vote but ifruns for president than he's got mine #trump2016
#CelebrityApprentice = my new favorite show Great. My mom&amp;I watch together! #Bonding
Mickey Rourke R U going on The Apprentice?
Wow! Thx Donald! You said it like it is.....who would of thought you you were out for the blue collar....poor people.....
Viaby on
tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald
saw u on Letterman, always a treat! #Trump2016 #Trump4President
Entrepreneurs:Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
tellen it like it is such a Genius!!!!
should be president!!! #Presidenttrump
Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach eventviaby
Congrats toon today's inauguration and having done a great job!
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
. I agree!
omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi
my mother was right, you are amazing Thanks.
run for president.
Viabyrecap: 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump'
How comeis screwing #TheApprentice by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each?
Learn more about and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC-
I give Shawn alot of credit for standing up for herself!!!!!
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina
GET THIS LUNATIC OUT OF OFFICE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!
motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot
Looks like you're going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself.#Trump2016
great 2 shows tonight. Can't wait till next week.
he should have fired Vivicia right away - she's trash
How about a #CelebApprentice season where Ivanka &amp; Don Jr. lead teams? I'd love to see that.
If you wanna make money stick with what you know and love - Donald Trump
cop was unarmed watch the news
Isnt it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION!---just look at our country.
I agree with Kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father#CelebApprentice
No one outsmarts the boss!
ViaDonald Trump: Don't Mess UpName. 'I've Seen Him Go Crazy At People'
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
is great, gosh darn we need him as president, what a hero Thank you.
Via Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K ToKamp Kizzy
I swear I'll work forone day, watch out.
721 Fifth Avenue One of the most visually striking skyscrapers ever built, the original Trump Tower
if I were American id vote for Donald - greatest man on the planet
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
great show better than the wwe lol
Looking forward to next weeks unveiling of the Red TigerAn 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens
I'll vote Donald
you need to show them how it's done, run for office
maybe Kate needs to go, but Kenya doesn't. The boardroom is where Kenya shines.
LOL RTThe country needs TRUMP IN 2016!
Almost no news organizations are showing the satirical pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
you're awesome funny and u gained a new fan!!! Probably many!!!!
that's a great book .. The art of the deal.
Congratulations to new Congressmanbeing named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
I love how easilysees through the bull, every-single-time. #respect #CelebrityApprentice
why aren't you running for president? I'm not even a republican but I'd still vote for you
Just completed The Art of the Deal. Written the year I was born and its principles still apply today. Very inspiring!
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowdsold out venue.
The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!
U trick Obama into appearing onby telling him Golf is involved so you can do Country a favor&amp; FIRE HIM!
YOU MIGHT- JUST BE -THE BEST PRESIDENT -TO COME ALONG THIS WHOLE DAM- CENTURY BUT THATS UP TO YOU?Thanks.
i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running.
I get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016. I hope you're on the ballot
I'm lovingas Project Manager!#CelebApprentice
you'll be the best president for USA
ViabyDonald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Convention
I've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbert would get the axe.
Watching Season 8 of(w/ Joan) on YouTube and I'm hooked! Glad I found out about this show! #WhereHaveIBeen
Enjoyedtonight! Awesome as always Mr.
we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man! #trump2016
ru going to run ??????Watch!
That first episode of #CelebApprentice was intense but incredible. This season is going to be bigger and better than ever!
The Trumps pay tribute to the late
via
He is correct. France has harsh gun laws. Terrorists were carrying AK47.
We need you in the white house, Donald. Somebody's gotta get this country back on track! #Trump2016
#Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16
Donald Trump by Mac Miller will never get old
Trump is up late...preparing his campaign for president, I hope
is cool. I like him. Vote for him please. Thanks.
I agree! What America needs right now isn't a politician, but a businessman who can run America effectively.
A shame thatgot fired from the #CelebApprentice! Would like to see him come back! HE WILL!
Donald it's time to boot Kate
kevin jonas was the man on #CelebrityApprentice I would love to see him come back on! He will.
Please Please give STRONG AND SERIOUS consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. U have my vote #Trump16
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums.
ViabyExclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention
first 3 episodes great! Looking forward to rest of season.
I would like to thankfor the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night,ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
that is genius.
We need you to run for POTUS. we need a REAL American, one with the same values that built this country.. GO TRUMP 2016 !
she truly is &amp; well spoken &amp; gracious.
Via by'Moon cycle' can't defeaton
they hate you cuz they ain't you #trump2016
it definitely is in this household :) Great job sir.
is so intimidating! I would never wanna be on his bad side!! He's still basically a king tho
is the male version offrom 7 years ago! #JustSaying #CelebrityApprentice
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
Join the lean scene withYou, exercise and #Luvo a heathy trio... Agreed 100% w/two U fired tonight
. was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
Please run for President.
right on man. Run for president &amp; fix it.
I'm so glad Shawn stood up for herself!!!
#trump2016 or bust
geraldo is an egotistical selfcentered pain! Strong competitor &amp; makes for a good show #someonepunchgeraldo
That's why someone not in politics needs to run for president. I think you know a guy.
great show this season....luv the back to back episodes..great cast this time
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans, last nightstopped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.
omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi
A great night of watching . Thank you mr
Shawn was absolutely right. Bringing up the why was trashy. imho, VERY trashy. #CelebApprentice
you're awesome in that boardroom. Great back to back episodes tonight!
. #CelebApprentice was awesome yesterday. Can't wait to see a new episode tonight!we are here
Via TV Highlights:
making it happen
Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!
The women rule tonight on #CelebApprentice - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week!
CanJust Fire Kate Gosselin Just Because? #CelebApprentice
He just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other, which I find funny
Kate's Brain The Lights Are On And No Ones Home! #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice #TheApprentice
Celebrity Apprentice is back! I loveWho is going to be theof the season? #CelebApprentice
Genius idea having Geraldo on this season. Perfection.
Viaby'Very Warm' During Appearance on
Well damngot straight to the point didn't ya? #CelebApprentice
please fireshe's rude and classless #CelebrityApprentice
stay on top ofShe's got to go
getting a great fix tonight! 2 episodes!
Your behavior is awful. You need to dial down the arrogance!
I am so excited to view this new season! #CelebrityApprentice
Geraldo is a princess. Please get over yourself
Homie is on Celebrity Apprenteince with
I can't decide if Geraldo's ego is a gimmick, a plant by Trump, or if it's for real. #CelebApprentice
I will be live tweeting!
Great episode of celebrity apprentice!#goodstuff #yourfired
Lovedress! #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice
It's time!! #CelebApprentice#westcoast
I will be onat 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
Glad to see George again on #CelebApprentice
gold medalist wins Trump Invitational Grand Prix atMar-a-Lago in Palm Beach:
Looking forward to speaking at&amp;Iowas Freedom Summit on January 24th
this season of the #CelebrityApprentice is off to a great start!
Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
How does everyone not like watchingshow #CelebApprentice
Watching Celebrity Apprentice. Great stuff so far.
#CelebrityApprentice way to go Shawn Johnson!
your the man, Don. All the best,...
loveee
Mr. Trump it's going to be a very interesting and amusing season I am already hooked!
well The Donald already knows who is going. Kevin, I feel for you !
LOVE Brandi is on your show!
.Holy shit! Amazing! #Trump2016
Kate Gosselin is fearless. Waych out !
what a cool cast this time
I'm way to addicted to watching Celebrity Apprentice
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Was Gilbert good?Cough cough cough
Via among2015 judges
I like the Bachelor butis getting all the love on Mondays! Best of 2015 #CelebApprentice #NBC
. atthis afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity.
love the show
boardroom is going to get ugly!!!
Wow, great ratings for Don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on
DonaldTrump it's has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom. Love how you call the bs
The ONLY reason I'm watching network tv tonight is
I only watch cause Brandi is amazing I love her.
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
RTTTonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of The Apprentice are on at 8 &amp; 9. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
Currently:_stirs the pot lmao#CelebApprentice
Mr.Trump can u pls give a shout out tonight to #TeamLeeza #CelebApprentice
Geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasn't project manager. #CelebApprentice
Geraldo needs to shut tf up #CelebApprentice
you're the best! Can't imagine where you find the time! Thank you.
This Show Is GOLD!!!! #CelebrityApprentice
I like Trump Tower #CelebApprentice
I don't likewhy is she even onI wishcould answer this for me.
#CelebApprentice intro always gives me life!
no, gilbert wasn't good. he cant be focused on the product, more interested in a laugh
YES!!!!!!!!#CelebApprentice #MostIntelligentRealityShow
I really wish Kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments!!!
the boardroom is jaw dropping
#CelebApprentice is back on I love this show hats off tofor putting together a true masterpiece Thank you.
#CelebApprentice is starting now don't missand the hidden gem who's already underestimated the amazing
#CelebrityApprentice way to go Shawn Johnson! #foreal
why does The Apprentice intro still show your 727? You should show that gorgeous 757!!!! You are right.
is my hero! Have never had so much fun watching #CelebApprentice
Geraldo is being a high maintenance diva!
is Kate her own charity? Last I checked she doesn't have a job... or raise money.
this is going to be a greatseason! Great cast!
Brandi should win! I hope Kate and Geraldo get kicked off soon...
Watching #CelebApprenticeit's on I am rooting for #TeamBrandi and my 15 year old is rooting #TeamKevin
GUYS SHOULD HAVE WON I don't disagree but executives picked!
Love the glasses. A sophisticated look!
calls the show evil and that is FUN??
#TeamLeeza thnx u for ur support
Watching tonight's New episode!feels this 1 will be Good like All the rest
Best show on Television Celebrity Apprentice #CelebApprentice
is acting like a spoiled little brat.#CelebrityApprentice
I love the way you don't take any crap fromcan't wait to hear you say Kate, you're fired!
Geraldo Rivera the Hispanic omarosa
You can watch all the highlights of last nights record 14th season premiere of
Who does Geraldo think he is the worlds most famous man?! He's driving me insane #CelebrityApprentice #pleasegetfired
Apprentice is so good this season. I'd like to thankfor these 2 back to back episodes !!!! this show amazing
Did you know before the show how immature and confrontational Geraldo was?
What a baby. He's having a temper tantrum because he isn't getting his own way.
Who is watchingwith me tonight?#CelebApprentice
#TeamBrandi, I'm glad u have a no BS person on there.Hope she stays!
is perfect for the commercial awesome!#CelebrityApprentice
Watching the Celebrity Apprentice
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 ofare on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on
TONIGHT Celebrity Apprentice 8/7c Ep. 2 &amp; 3! 2 Hours of Back to Back Competition
I really needed to watch the Apprentice tonight!! Great show!! Motivates me!! #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice is baaaaaack!
Ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on The Apprentice
Very intense!! #CelebApprentice
does anyone else think some faces look like Picasso sculptures?
Kevin Jonas is a very strong player, surprised.
No comment, you can see every pore in todays TV screens. U look mavelous
Loveaskingfor the truth! He knows he'll get it!
You fired the right woman tonight. Kenya &amp; Brandi each must go. The lowest of the low.
wonder who gets FIRED hmmm
So glad #CelebrityApprentice is back!are my favs. Go team vortex!
it is interesting so far
Would be the greatest start to the new Year that I could ever imagine!!! Happy New Year Mr. Trump and Team!!!
tells the guys, go back toand watch if you want to, it won't be pretty. #CelebApprentice
can't wait for tomorrow's episodes! #CelebApprentice #TRUMP
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great.
Bestcast ever!! Loveand so gladwasn't fired! #notlazy
so many women to fire. Gonna be a cat fight
agree!!!
is as real as they come. Love her #CelebApprentice
Who willfire?!? Will there be a #catfight in the boardroom?!?#CelebrityApprentice
is on #celebapprentice??? that's it,you have a winner... #askkevin #teamkevin all the way
I followin hopes he'll drop some knowledge that'll make me as rich as him
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
Mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week! #CelebrityApprentice
Can't wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off! #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice just turned me into afan. Love the new season!!
. I love celebrity apprentice. The storylines are much better than NFL playoff football.
I admire howis holding himself in the boardroom #TeamKevin
My newsfeed is nothing but DonaldTrump n#CelebrityApprentice! But that's alright with me cuz I love them. Great minds.
Really enjoyed #CelebApprentice tonight. Looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night!
DonaldTrump Alot of good looking guys but what's important is R they #CelebApprentice material Can't wait 2 C them in action
Jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in $25K #CelebrityApprentice
Nothing like hearingsay YOU'RE FIRED twice in one night! Tomorrow Night 8/7 CST! #CelebApprentice
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
andare the best things about this season ofCan we keep them around until the end
Any Real Housewife
The iconic You're fired is comingcan't wait.
prove that you actually control this account, and I will tell everyone I know about the show #takeaselfie
the music always gives it such a dramatic effect
you go. Love your spirit. F the haters
&amp;back on my TV! I'm a happy gal
PLS NOTORJUST BCUZ U R DRAMA DOESNT MEAN U SHOULD hEARN THE TITLE OR PRAISE
Kenya Moore - hmmmm - Won't be there long. Needs to go. #CelebApprentice
Surprised how accurate and likable the Jonas brother is pointing out Heraldo's #bighead #big #ego poster
I believe in Kevin Jonas!!! he's the best #TeamKevin #AskKevin
all the athletes are doing great!
I love the boardroom. Awkward atmosphere right now. #CelebApprentice
So glad #CelebApprentice is back! Looks like it will be a fantastic year! Thanks for a great show. Got out of hosp in time!
has built up a great show #CelebApprentice
AWESOME TEAMS TONIGHT. ..!!! PRICELESS
great boardroom so far. Love the tension
HATE! But I have to watch this season of #TheApprentice because it has such an awesome cast. #TeamKenya !
loving it....glad you're back. But we're wondering who is this season's
Great show! My money is on Sig Hanson or Geraldo Rivera!
I love Brandi you go girl kick some a$$!!!
The baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie! #poorthing #DidYouSeeThat #CelebApprentice
First time I watched the start of the season. Enjoyed the show, will tune in tomorrow night.
andkilled it!#CelebApprentice
Kenya Moore is an ass!! Hope she is fired FIRST!!!
Kenya Moore will be omarosa redux. That attitude is boring. She needs to go.
I agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy. Wasnt a fan b4 but am now.
I know you went back and forth w/ Cuban - I'm convincedis the best show on tv!
Why isso amazing? Love watching #CelebApprentice
It's about to go down! Buckle up!#CelebApprentice
love the show! #CelebApprentice
best part of the show
I really love
I think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. Respect. #Apprentice
I don't watch a lot of T.V but couldn't wait for Celebrity Apprentice. It was great!!
great show tonight! Can't wait till tomorrow night!!
just goes for the throat
There's nothing more relaxing than a Trump Tower suite!! #CelebApprentice
intense but I would expect nothing less
First time watching Celebrity Apprentice and I'm really enjoying it!
the first show of #CelebApprentice was amazing. Can't wait to see next week's episode.
Brandi for the win!!
Gotta say I havewinning it allsocial media, strategy, and seems to know how to spin things.
You're Fired! It's music to my ears when it comes frommouth! Why a commercial?!? #CelebrityApprentice
it will not be pretty (Keisha YOUR FIRED) #CelebApprentice
KENYA MOORE ROCKS! WATCH HER WORK HER STUFF!!!
I wonder how it would be growing up withas a father
great cast! Girls are going to win!
like Shawn Johnson and predicting her as season winner!!!!!!
I agree. Kate needed the boot. Her time will come
Kevin is bringing it in the boardroom
You were awesome! Love your loyalty to team members like Keisha. &lt;3 You!!
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
yay watching my very favorite show, Celebrity Apprentice and LOVING it!!
Kate looked great and did an amazing job, even though no dough she worked very hard! #truth
#trumpforpresident2016
is the one to beat on #CelebApprentice
Yes! #CelebrityApprentice on now, been waiting for months! #CelebApprentice
How do you like the boardroom so far?
#CelebApprentice is one of my fav shows!!! Wanna live tweet tmrw night? #datenight
is going to go far because he's a media circus.will come close to winning, but Shawn can also.
I hope it's Kate, I don't want to look at her again, on this show or any other.... Sorry
I am rooting for but if I was on the #Apprentice I would call my friendto help
I loved it. #CelebApprentice
is my idol... #CelebApprentice Thanks.
Needs to run for president
Im sure the show will be great, but you need to get on the campaign trail Watch!
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
You in danger, girl!
has an all star cast of celebrities this season ofThis should be interesting. True.
Hello Mr. Trump. I LOVEand can NOT wait till it airs.and; 2 other faves!
This show motivates me. Part of my inspiration to #saveSKsocial
would be great to have Obama on his show so the Don can fire his arsss
I'm rooting for and#CelebrityApprentice #thecelebrityapprentice #nbc DonaldTrump
Brandi for the win
Brandi is the BEST!!!!! She deserves it all! #CelebrityApprentice
I'm excited for this season, can't wait to watch
rooting for#TeamGilbert
already set the DVR for Sunday and Monday. #TVgeek
Can;t wait!
I'm loving this Celebrity Apprentice season! The Donald is the best! #YoureFired
Thank you for reminding me watch/ set my pvr for The Apprentice tonight! Thank you Bill.
Will you run? Will you run for President? Mr Trump, your Nation needs you! #saveoursouls Stay tuned, thanks!
The Art of the Deal is a great read filled with excellent, real advice. Definitely worth a read.
please let it beandfirst. But u probably like that negativity
My only New Year's resolution: Be more likeNice, thanks!
So a new Celebrity Apprentice Sunday and Monday night?YES.
Actually Milo, Mr Trump felt Kate has a good shot at winning. DonaldTrump was very complimentary about Kate.
look at alummaking you proud with#CelebApprentice Great.
Tune in for some late night viewing ofon celebrity apprentice USAtonight
Ok Tweeps. Who is going home first tonight?! #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words?premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC.
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere ofon NBC.
Nobody wants to be the first one fired. Isn't that the truth,#CelebApprentice VERY SAD TO BE FIRST.
I thought it would never start again...
By popular demand I will be tweeting tomorrow's premiere of . on . 9/8c http://
: I know and we are ready .. who is going to win ? My GIRL
I'm so rooting for you on Celebrity ApprenticeGo girl!TYSM
it's about time!!!!
i love donald trump!!!! Thanks
I just watched the tease on you tube. Terrell,Johnny and Kate won't be there for long. We will see...
I'm so happy thatis back! #CelebApprentice
The mens team has better flavors of pies. Interested to see who wins! #CelebApprentice
Here we go!starts NOW onLet's do this!#CelebApprentice
I've been waiting for this day for way too long! #CelebApprentice starts tonight! Can't wait!Enjoy!
Looking forward to your show and especially seeing Joan Rivers. She did a great job!
It's almost here, finally!!!! The new Celebrity #Apprentice premiers tomorrow on #excited
#CelebrityApprenticego home please!plez help! Love the show but, she's trying to be
#CelebApprenticereturns tonight at 9/8c on NBC-
Me too!!!! #TeamLeeza all the way!!!is a wonderful charity!!
I LOVE THIS SHOW
Looking forward to season 14 of
Brandi G. #getoffmyTV goes first hopefully
looking forward to this
I am SOO super excited to watchand DonaldTrump on tonight!! Two of my favorite people ever. SHE IS GREAT.
so excited! Best show on television. #CelebApprentice
our country need something. Never seen so much division as the lastyears.
Leeza!!!
I can't wait to watch this season of #CelebrityApprentice I can't wait to watchdominate!
cannot wait!!!
Watchingis the man...
To my biz-minded tweeps from #SharkTankNation #Restaurantstartup #theprofit...I'll see you 2nite for #CelebrityApprentice
SO HAPPY #CelebrityApprentice is back on! Thanks Donald for keeping it real!
I'm ready for the show tomorrow night.
Yeah! Bring on/down the gauntlet
Too early first episode.season needs to play out. Then I'll let u know. #WorkHard, #Win
I can't wait to watch The New APPRENTICE NBC @ 9:00 pm tonight.
You look fab! They were so lucky to have you in the kitchenGo Kate Go!
Myint. byw/ discussing the Sundaypremiere of14th season
- #TeamLeeza will be following ur #CelebApprentice comments!
Really looking forward to the Premier of The Apprentice tonight at 9PM EST on NBC.Such a well executed and captivating show.
willbe too?Yes.
So excited. You got this Brandi!
Watch #CelebApprentice tomorrow at 9pm ET onbecausesaid so!
adding Housewives to your show calls for entertaining tv#CelebrityApprentice
Well, not that it matters, I think Geraldo is a sanctimonious ass.
can't wait love this show, helps me realize so many things!
cant wait to watch tonight!!!
please fire Kenya first. Really?
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
How many times does TO cry?
NOTShe does nothing but run her mouth!
will be watching with my entire family. We are so happy you're back on TV, Mr Trump! Huge fans here!
LoveandThis is gonna be another awesome season. #CelebApprentice
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
Too excited to seeing my two favourite people on TV together on one show, that'sand
Watching's show #CelebApprentice to see
By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere ofonat 9/8c
Watchingfor the first time ever. Love it so far!
Geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes.
ViabyShow-jumping grand prix returns to Mar-a-Lago Sunday
we need to get you all on thewith the#unstoppable #makeithappen
#TeamLeeza to the finish line!!
Just set my DVR for The Apprentice. Let's go
ViaFloridas Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping yearMar-a-Lago's 3rd ann. Trump Grand Prix!
My Sunday's will now be spent withagain! So excited #CelebrityApprentice is back!
good luck on your umpteenth season from the show Producer of show 1
I kinda hopesticks around for a while just for moments like that #CelebApprentice
Yay!I'm so excited for celebrity apprentice :)
So, who should win, who is your favorite?
In Ten minutes on's Apprenticebegins his season long domination!you watchin?
Who do you like - hate so far?
Is the fucking man !
#ticktock 12 hours &amp; counting down to watch #ApprenticeNBC
So excited for #thecelebrityapprentice cant wait to see what have in store for us this season!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
Happy new year my presidentThank you.
My Administration will follow two simple rules:
Russians are playingandfor such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue!totally gets it!
TRUMP FOR PRESEDENT OVER ALL OF AMERCIA!!!!!!!!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
#CelebrityApprentice my secret addiction! Now only if you would do a regular people edition.
is a great leader and definitely someone I look up to. Great role model Thanks.
DonaldTrump At one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. You never flinched. You have to respect that.Thank you
so excited forthank you for creating such an amazing show #CelebApprentice Enjoy it, thanks
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
Thanks Donald. Now run for president! Fulfill your purpose! To much is given, much is required
#MerryChristmas
Trump himself never ever filed for bankruptcy So true, thank you!
He STANDS UP for what he believes in!! regardless if all people like it. #Hasmyrespect&amp;Vote
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
Icahn,Kravis,Buffet &amp; many other top business men've taken advantage of corporate bankruptcy law,yet people only point out Trump.
First time in theTrump International Hotel and Tower and it's absolutely gorgeous!! Thank-You sir! Excellent hospitality
Trump University was exceptionally highly rated. Get the facts straight!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
hey be president
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
we needfor president
look awesome in Home Alone 2 lost New York you look great in the movie today in
Too strong? Point out a time in America's history where it was good to have a PUSSY in the White House!
Do u ever sleep?Not much!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Hell yes! It's gonna be fun.
DonaldTrump: Even though I feel his personality is to strong for President, I agree it would be an entertaining campaign
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
SO AWESOME!! Man of nat'l unmatched merit, every1 needs TRUMP! A+ leader can rule- ELECT EXCELENT PREZ!!
So excited for Sunday and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You will love it, WILD!
My money is on Kenya getting fired first.
for president please!
Happy #Hanukkah
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable -
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
genius Tweet.
Louis Z never ever quit. Neither does Donald T.
I definitely think Kenya is smarter than Brandi, but Kenya doesn't play well w/ others.
This season is going to be great! Can't wait!
i bet you have some great ideas on how to turn this country aroundI do, big league!
Yes, a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s, who knew.
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
Excited for the Miss Universe! Hi
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
please run for president this country needs you!
RTHappy Birthday
. season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
Palm Beach is one of the greatest places in the World to Live!#TrumpPOTUS2016 #HappyNewYear
Hope you finally run for President. That should be your new year's resolution. Good thought!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
trump kicked Rosie's ass, he kicked penn states ass, he would totally kick the democrats ass!!! #trump2016
I work Sunday evenings will celebrity apprentice be replayed? Watch tomorrow night at 9:00 then Mon. at 8
Your a Genius sir #TrumpForPresident
Headed to Trump Central Park for my wife's birthday!! Can't wait!!Have fun!
He has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! Run! Don't let us hit the iceberg!
#Trumpfan #TrumpForPresident
You are a good Christian! You are right! Also, you should be Presedent! The sooner the better! #TRUMP
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
can't wait for series4 to air on BBC One Sunday night :)
please run for president you got my vote
if you're as strident in life as you are with these tweets then no wonder you're loaded.
The so-called A list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
I am actually excited for the weekend to be over so I can watch The Celebrity Apprentice! Can't wait! Enjoy!
for president
andsounds like a dream team
You're only a year away from #2016 ...pick a running mate. Happy New Year
I love the cast this season.
I just saw the movie Unbroken -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity.So true!
I just hope both last well half way into season w/lots of drama!
Happy Birthday
'Economists say Trump delivered hope'
So excited for this season. It may be one of the best and most vicious ever.
What is the best book for real estate? I want to get into the business. TRUMP, THE ART OF THE DEAL!
Oh please please please letrun for president. That would make my year.
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
One of the best things I bought in 2014:ties
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
DonaldTrump,it's a shame the left try so hard to tear you down. You could be a great leader for our nation. Keep it up Trump!
Gets my vote for President. He's my hero! When I grow up I want to be like him.
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
. purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.Dishonest!
;, for President of the United States!Vice President ;A #WinningTicket2016 #TrumpCruz2016
I believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was! MR. Trump for president! Thanks Dan!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
. with a solid cameo in #HomeAlone2Thanks, it was great fun-who knew it would be so big
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable -
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
You would be a damn sight better than Jeb ! or Billary !
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
Joinfounded by Hall of Fame legendon 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C.
happy new year sir can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice
So excited for a New Year &amp; new Celeb Apprentice! Can't wait to see The Trumps back in The Boardroom!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers ofMagazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
. one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for State.
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here:
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.
#ThankYouTour2016
Tonight- Orlando, Florida
Tickets:
Tomorrow- Mobile, Alabama
Tickets:
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon withJoin us! Tickets:#ThankYouTour2016
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to tweet. Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
#ThankYouTour2016
Tue: West Allis, WI.
Thur: Hershey, PA.
Fri: Orlando, FL.
Sat: Mobile, AL.
Tickets:
Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThank you!
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr.as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development:
I will be interviewed on theat 7:30. Enjoy!
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont:
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate.
Our great VPE,is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
RTJoin #PEOTUS Trump &amp; #VPEOTUS Pence live in West Allis, Wisconsin!
#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA
https:/
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He doesn't know much ...
Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. TW #heroworldchallenge Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
RTSunday-- our exclusive interview with President-elect
Watch onat 2p/10p ET
Check your local
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch:
Reports bythat I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA
10am- Baton Rouge, LA.
Tickets:
7pm- Grand Rapids, MI.
Tickets:
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you soon! #ThankYouTour2016
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace
Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama!
#ThankYouTour2016
Tickets:
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me Person of the Year - a great honor!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
#ThankYouTour2016
12/6- North Carolina
12/8- Iowa
12/9- Michigan
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016
Tickets:
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Whether I choose him or not for State- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect- at 7:00pm!
#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
Congratulations to President-electelectoral votes are in and it's official. Thank you Franklin!
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
RT#TrumpTrain
RTCounting down the days until the swearing in of&amp;Check in here for the latest updates. #
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm!
#ThankYouTour2016
Tickets:
Congratulations toofficially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.......
Just watched- So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, althoughis right up there!
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Unless you catch hackers in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
THANK YOU IOWA!
#ThankYouTour2016
Will be interviewed onat 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch:
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:
#ThankYouTour2016
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behalf of the people.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
RTJoin President-elect Trump LIVE from Mobile, Alabama via his #Facebook page! #ThankYouTour2016
Watch:
Thank you Alabama! From now on, its going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase: #MadeInTheUSA!
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?I don't think so!
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
. will be re-running Objectified: Donald Trump, the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
. andin my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys!
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...
I thought thatwould get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
Wow, theis losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump phenomena
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
Hillary's debate answer on delay: That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Fidel Castro is dead!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'
of position. Then, separately she stated, He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts'
There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
RTGreat interview onbyw/ Carrier employee- who has a message for #PEOTUS&amp; #VPE
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy. She then said, We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned inN.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
RTBack to Cincinnati, Ohio this Thursday (12/1/16) at 7pm for #PEOTUS#ThankYouTour2016! Join us!
https://
Watching the returns at 9:45pm.
#ElectionNight #MAGA
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally.
Join me! Tickets:
I watched parts ofSaturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Thanksgiving.
The failingstory is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist ! still doesn't get it. They will never learn!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
RTJoin my family in this incredible movement to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!! Now it is up to you! Please #VOTE for America! https:
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
RTFINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA #ElectionDay ht
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!
Tickets:
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made historyand now, the real work begins. America will start winning again! #AmericaFirst
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
The meeting with theis back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
I will be interviewed ontonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
. update and policy plans for the first 100 days.
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet
The failingjust announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Thestates today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
Thesent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them.is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. This was a typically false news story.
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failingsaid. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter.
I cancelled today's meeting with the failingwhen the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class'
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
General James Mad Dog Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
. is so embarrassed by their total(100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with theIn the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
RTSuch a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! #Election2
Many people would like to seerepresent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Evangelical women live at #trumptower
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location:#ElectionDay #VoteTrump
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp!
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out andtomorrow!
Watch:
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve.
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!
#ICYMI- watch:
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged'
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI:
RTThanks New Hampshire!!!
#NH #NewHampshire #MAGA
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
MONDAY - 11/7/2016
Scranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.
Grand Rapids, Michigan at 11pm.
Van Jones: There Is A Crack in the Blue WallIt Has to Do With Trade:
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!
Watch here:
On my way!
RTJoinLIVE in Wisconsin with Gov.&amp; Coach Bobby Knight! LIVE: https:
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November 8th &amp; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley
#ICYMI, watch here:
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare:
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and GovernorIt is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!
Wow, now leading in/ Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Watch:
#Billygraham's grand daughter #SupportsTrump So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#ICYMI watch rally here:
It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do.
#DrainTheSwamp!
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:
The big vote tomorrow!
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!!
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watch
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
#ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going to #DrainTheSwamp!
Thank you Reno, Nevada.
NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea Theres Something There'
RT. in Michigan: This is your movement
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIVE:
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White House! #VOTE!
RT. confirms FBI found emails on #AnthonyWeiner computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are new &amp; not p
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails.
Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!
Tickets:
#ICYMI: Governorand I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here:
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now.
Watch NH rally here:
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina!
#ICYMI, watch here:
Just out according toUtah officials report voting machine problems across entire country
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont:
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'
RTMrs. Saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device.did FAR WORSE &amp; is runnin
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets:
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
#DrainTheSwamp!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!
MIAMI12pm
ORLANDO4pm
PENSACOLA7pm
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch:
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp;Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life! #MAGA
#VoteTrumpPence16!
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16!
RTThank you New Hampshire!
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this country!
#ElectionDay
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice #DrainTheSwamp
'Why Trump'
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign All Tactics, No Vision:
VOTE TODAY! Go toto find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again! #VoteTrump #ElectionDay
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats:
Still time to #VoteTrump!
#iVoted #ElectionNight
Clinton Aides: Definitely Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
Must Act Immediately: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm:
Tomorrow- Tampa, Florida at 10am:
RTThanksfor coming to help win Michigan! More people here than a Hillary rally with less than 24 hours notice
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!
MIAMI12pm
ORLANDO4pm
PENSACOLA7pm
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
RTJoinLIVE in Denver, Colorado via his #Facebook page- we are here!!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.c
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm:
NEW- Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm:
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US. #VoteTrumpPence16
JOIN ME TOMORROW!
MINNESOTA2pm
MICHIGAN6pm
VIRGINIA9:30pm
I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them onHe is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillary
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!
Sanford at 3pm:
Tallahassee at 6pm:
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here:
Overflow:
'The Clinton Foundations Most Questionable Foreign Donations'
#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:
#ObamacareFail
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Full Naples rally:
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamp
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!
Springfield-1pm:
Toledo-4pm:
Geneva-7pm:
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 &amp; lets #MAGA!
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officials Wife'
#ObamacareFail
#ObamacareFail
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to lead our country.
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!
#ICYMI - watch here:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing me in Michigan shortly.
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!
#ObamaCareInThreeWords
I agree,To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8.
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now! #AmericaFirst
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!
#ICYMI- watch here:
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
RTWSJ:Grifters-in-Chief...
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience'
Thank you Geneva, Ohio.
If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our country! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace!
Tomorrow!
Las Vegas, NV- 11a:
Greeley, CO- 4p:
Albuquerque, NM- 7p:
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA!
EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA!
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday! #ImWithYou
JOIN ME! #MAGA
TODAY:
Springfield, OH
Toledo, OH
Geneva, OH
FRIDAY:
Manchester, NH
Lisbon, ME
Cedar Rapids, IA
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!
RASMUSSEN NATIONAL
Trump 43%
Clinton 41%
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100 days! #DrainTheSwamp
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess. - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty Thank you Phil!
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch:
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwamp
Watch rally:
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums.Repeal and replace!
Inside Bill Clinton Inc.: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!
Honored to receive an endorsement from- thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
#LESM #MAGA
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm:
Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm:
BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, Israel is depressing. I think Israel is inspiring!
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!
Tickets:
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay
#ObamacareFail
I will be interviewed ontonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance!
See you tomorrow Michigan!
Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon:
Warren, MI tomorrow at 3pm:
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!
Grand Rapids at 12pm:
Warren at 3pm:
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ImWithYou
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.
FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police
Clinton Foundations Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RTTune intoright now to catch a great interview with my father &amp; the entire family!#VoteTrumpPence16
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!
#ObamacareFailed
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!
TICKETS:
Golden:
Phoenix:
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA #ImWithYou
RTWSJ:The Cold Clinton Reality...
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace!
#ObamacareFail
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. Bad instincts
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets:
Ron Fournier: Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Joinon Facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to #DrainTheSwamp!
I #Voted for DonaldTrump! #Arizona#Economy #Immigration #Jobs #Veterans #BorderControl #Trade
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES
#DrainTheSwamp #Debate
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA
Crookedfoundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate
Huma calls it a MESS, the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.
#DrainTheSwamp
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates
. will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
You should give the money back#DrainTheSwamp
Moderator: Respectfully, you wont answer the pay-to-play question. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
. talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth
#Debates
Brought to you by&amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois.
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?
#DrainTheSwamp
Thank you America! #MAGA
Rasmussen National Poll
Donald Trump 43%
Hillary Clinton 40%
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'
Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are'
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, andwill allow it to happen here, too! #BigLeagueTruth
. has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I cant make a great deal, were going to tear it up. Were going to get this economy running again. #Debate
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/tonight- join us:
Naples, Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm:
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:
TRUMP 77% (18,290)
CLINTON 17% (4,100)
#DrainTheSwamp #Debate
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!
TOMORROW
Fletcher, NC @ 12pm.
SATURDAY
Cleveland, OH @ 7pm.
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything They Touch Turns To Molten Lead
'Trump won the third debate'
What They Are Saying AboutGREAT Debate andBad Performance
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'
#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!
#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camps work with VERY friendly and malleable reporters
#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCREASES. Repeal &amp; replace!
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th and #VoteTrumpPence16!
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER!
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises.
#RepealObamacare
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thats what Im going to do. #MAGA #debate
{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it.
#DrainTheSwamp
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio.
#DrainTheSwamp
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a chance. #BigLeagueTruth
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slogan -- TAKE THE MONEY!
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
After Crookedallowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan:
. loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates
VERY IRONIC: In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding sensitive information
We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth
LIBYA
SYRIA
IRAN
IRAQ
ASIA PIVOT
RUSSIAN RESET
BENGHAZI
#DrainTheSwamp
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!
#DrainTheSwamp #TrumpPence16
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
TRUMP 42%
CLINTON 40%
. has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.
Watch rally here:
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forums Islamist Money List'
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER.
Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp#Debate
In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, &amp; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go toLET'S #MAGA!
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestas hacked email is unquestionably an OPSEC violation
Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to#DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Clinton Fdn.
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA#Debate
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest.
#BigLeagueTruth
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an A for an economic recovery thats the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
Her instincts are suboptimal.
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal!
Watch:
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon:
On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote
. is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth
Our country is stagnant. Weve lost jobs and business. We dont make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she blessed
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal!
EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president'via
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to #DrainTheSwamp! #Debates
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't spontaneous - like she claimed in Benghazi!
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governorand I now, LIVE via:
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
Governorand I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGA
Tickets:
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
. tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE.
If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.
Hillary says take back Mosul? We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!
Watch here:
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
. is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016
Thank you Colorado Springs. If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country! #DrainTheSwamp
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put #AmericaFirst! #BigLeagueTruth
#SecondAmendment #2A
#Debates
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islamic terrorism.
. you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruth
Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Great night in WI. Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEOPLE -- not the donors!
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. Thats a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning
BREAKING: State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents
41% of American voters believe theelection could be stolen from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico
Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp
Wow, new polls just came out fromGreat numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms atso we can #MAGA!
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced! #DrainTheSwamp
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:
Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax.Terrible
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp
Tickets:
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC.
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. Thats why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
. will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
The failingreporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
. lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Hillarys Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks:
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!
Green Bay- 6pm
Colorado Springs- 1pm
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people.
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT! #DrainTheSwamp
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp.
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper onI have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'
#DrainTheSwamp
State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA
Tickets:
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation:
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!
Thank you for sharing Amy.
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system!
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing:
UNBELIEVABLE!
Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times:
Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country deserves better!
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
#DrainTheSwamp
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but wont even mention radical Islamic terrorists. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!
The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted... -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.
Tune in atand get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the LIES!
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?
Food GroupsEmails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender:
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:
. wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He is #AmericaFirst! #Debate
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!
Unbelievable.
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Hey- WE AGREE!
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates#BigLeagueTruth
RTIronic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that dark unaccountable money into her campaign. #debates
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hypocrite!claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
RTWe are going to be THRIVING again. -#BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16
Tickets:
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident in her story. Because it did not happen!
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
. - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at:and get out to #VoteTrumpPence2016! #MAGA
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS.
#CrookedHillary
We agree
SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE -President Obama
The phony story in the failingis a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
RTWe agree with Bill, ObamaCare is the craziest thing in the world. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:
Eliminate excessive regulations!
Lean government!
Lower taxes!
#Debates #BigLeagueTruth
RTWE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!!
#TrumpTrain #Debates2016
ATTN:- Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA
. is NOT above the law!
#Debates2016
Debate polls look great - thank you!
#MAGA #AmericaFirst
RTIts US vs. them!will fight for you! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Wow,got caught fixing their focus group in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They dont know how to win - I will teach them!
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016
RTIt's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: N
Ifis president, shell be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.
RTRT if you agreeWON the #Debate- BIG LEAGUE! #MAGA
Wow,Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!
FACTon red line in Syria: HRC I wasnt there. Fact: line drawn in Aug 12. HRC Secy of State til Feb 13.
Thank you
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RTONLYwill end what evencalled a CRAZY SYSTEM. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the best speech of the season!
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
Hypocrite:is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
Is this really America? Terrible!
Here are Hillary Clinton's accomplishments at the State Department.
#Debates2016 #RattledHillary
RTShe calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people. -#BigLeag
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest.
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!
OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL
Trump 42%
Clinton 41%
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to Friends of Bill after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to:&amp; get out on 11/8/16 to #MAGA!
RT#RattledHillary wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPSFLOPS?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debat
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together, we will #MAGA!
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:
YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION
#Debates2016
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime- get out &amp; VOTE on 11/8!
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
RT. had her chance and she BLEW IT. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!
Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm:
Bangor, Maine - Saturday @ 3pm:
This is the definition of ransom
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGA
Tickets:
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNS ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:
RTSomeone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. #debates
Wow. Unbelievable.
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8! #MAGA
. : Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster. Actually disaster is pretty clear. #Debate
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
History lesson: Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Honest Abe. #RattledHillary
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!
West Palm Beach, FL at noon:
Cincinnati, OH this 7:30pm:
The truth is a beautiful weapon.
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me compared to Hillary. #Debate
RTAfter a decent first debate,is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) r
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
RTCongrats to my running mateon a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we #MAGA.
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during hisprimary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control over our gov't!
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all about the people! #MAGA
How can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of Americans? #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world!
#BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.
Register:
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
. #ICYMI- WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT.
#MAGA
RT. is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level.is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE! #D
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally
RTATTN:- Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @&amp; get out to VOTE on 11/8!
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!
#TrumpRally #MAGA
RTRT if you agree -&amp;are WRONG for America! #VPDebate #MAGA
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen to your local officials.
RT. wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #VPDebate
RTPolice officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD. -#VPDebate #BigLeagu
. Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk:#VPDebate
#BigLeagueTruth
..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
RTWe need STRONG, BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like&amp;in the White House! #VPDebate #BigLeagueTrut
. Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.
#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi
Hillarys 33,000 deleted emails about her daughters wedding. Thats a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Here is my statement.
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED.
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE DOMINATING THE DEBATE:
#VPDebate
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
RTHow many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me.
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Republican leadership should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump.
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:
#BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, INcheck w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!
Ambridge:
Wilkes-Barre:
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Reuters polling just out- thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RT. Abortion Flip-Flops: From Valuing The Sanctity of Life --&gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue #VPdebate
I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
RT. has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked#VPDebates #BigLeagueTruth
Tremendous support (except for some Republican leadership). Thank you.
Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons actions were far worse
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
RTTheres one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy. #VPDebate
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16!
This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN!!
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is backBIGGER, and BETTER, and STRONGER than ever before!
RTLaw enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe.&amp;RESPECT &amp; stand by them!
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
RTPence is right. Clinton &amp; Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an
Great opening Pence
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate
Police officers are the best of us...
RTObama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy:
-Bad nuclear deal
-Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror
-Sharing classifie
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put #AmericaFirst &amp; #MAGA!
No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need#MAGA
Im not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
RT. is here to talk about the REAL issues #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016
RT. &amp;think you're #Deplorables &amp; #BasementDwellers.&amp;think you're PATR
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
I want a you're fired president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s.
RTInown words#Debates2016
RTHillary calls Trump's remarks horrific while she lives with and protects a Rapist.Her actions are horrific.
CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:
#VPDebate
Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine.
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:
RTQuite simply,mistreats women. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate2016
. &amp;are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
Exclusive VideoBroaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: These Are Crimes, Terrified of Enabler Hillary
Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies
Beautiful morning- thank you
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations.
CLINTONS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:
#VPDebate
Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans'
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House.
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank youfor your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
I am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with #Trump! #dtmagThank you.
Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee
Its this simple. Make America Great Again. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
RTRT if you believeis the one who owes America an apology! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious So true!
. is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
EXCLUSIVEVideo Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
. is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
. oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 whileDECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826.
#BigLeagueTruth
That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:
GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America.
Such a great honor!
RTThank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works. #Ohio
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RTGreat group at our Victory Office in Columbus, Ohio. I'm incredibly grateful to have so many
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
Lovinghe's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
New National Rasmussen Poll:
RT. just claimed she has a positive, optimistic view for America. #Debates
. is wrong for defense:
#BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
Clintons Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department:
#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
. and I will defeat #ISIS.
#VPDebate
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:
#VPDebate
RTHistory teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage. #VPDebate
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
is so angry. Ourlooks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain
#pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews
good!!
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just #FollowTheMoney.
Wow,is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning towhere we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
RTShe put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance, shed put the Oval Office up for sale too. #Fo
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets:
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record:
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRally
Tickets:
Thank you Governor
Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people.
#AmericaFirst #Debates2016
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGA
Tickets:
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you.
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
RTJesse Jackson on- when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition.
#DebateNight
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world.
LIBYA
SYRIA
IRAN
IRAQ
ASIA PIVOT
RUSSIAN RESET
BENGHAZI
#DebateNight
. Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNight
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin!
Full transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou
Video:
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watchedpoll.
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Thank you Senator
#Debates2016 #MAGA
Joiningfrom Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Wow, did you see how badly(Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people likewho could expect any more?
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth
I will be watching the great Governorand live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and were still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
RTWhenis POTUS, families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED! #MAGA #Debates #De
RTWATCH:on the stakes in this election #Debates2016
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Thank you Governor
#AmericaFirst #Debates2016
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
This is the simple fact aboutshe is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said, DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Here we go - Enjoy!
Great debate poll numbers - I will be onat 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Thank you! #TrumpTrain #MAGA
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of Americans deplorables!
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
. - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch'
RT100% TRUE --&gt;is right -did call TPP the gold standard #Debates2016
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA
RTHillary's policies have made America less safe, that's why 200+ general and military leaders have endorsed
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado!
#TrumpRally #AmericaFirst
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at:
#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!
#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:
Remember, don't believe sources said by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
.There will be MASSIVE turnout for you,Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
Wow, just saw the really badratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
RTOn National #VoterRegistrationDay, make sure you're registered to vote so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgainht
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes.
Trump 61%
Clinton 39%
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past, which is terrible!
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoney
Speech transcript:
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA
Tickets:
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Tickets:
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
RT. calling outsupport for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonight's debate. #Debates20
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA
. just said a historic victory for Trump. NICE!
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you!
#AmericaFirst #MAGA
. First Presidential Debate Poll:
Trump: 80%
Clinton: 20%
Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
Join the MOVEMENT!
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-class families. #ImWithYou
Thank you for your endorsement,#MAGA
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for- which I don't watch). Thank you!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via#MAGA
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means #FamilyFirst!
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA
. 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks,
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
. I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney
RTWATCH:on women who work; empowering campaign celebrates modern women.
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!
Sign up:
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creation.
#DebateNight
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA
Wackywho hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Donald Trumps birther event is the greatest trick hes ever pulled
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a very abrupt end! #MAGA
#TheDonald's hair gets the #JimmyFallon treatment on #TheTonightShow #TrumpPence16 So true!
. has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
. and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Will be joiningonat 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
RTWhat a scary statistic! Americans are working harder and making less! We need competent leadership!
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on the- tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Thank you
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together as one American people!
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying shell tax estates at 65%.
RTEXCLUSIVE: How Donald Trump's 30 million followers are crashing the Internet
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:
#TrumpTrain #MAGA
. channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!
#DebateNight #TrumpPence16
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton Blew The Police Off'
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA
The failinghas gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
RTJoinon his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ asmanages rapid response
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!
RT#Polls showingsurging,#slipping, have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Will be onat 7:02 A.M.Enjoy.
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed twoofficers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA
I will be interviewed ontomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at
RTAAdministration will bring JOBS BACK! #Debates2016
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
I love those beautiful gals. D + S = Two amazing women!
Will be onat 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on- Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA
My lawyers want to sue the failingso badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
Spoke with Governorof North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?
#DebateNight
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
SIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN!
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the King, has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016 Thank you!
A very interesting take from
I will be interviewed byontonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Tonight: a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonight
Will be onnow.
RTmore media #polls showingahead in states Pres Obama won twice.
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the&amp;police officers- in Philadelphia.
Theendorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
.Thank you!
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failingpretends she knows me well--wrong!
Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
RTJoinon Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!https:/
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successfulof VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
COMING UP on
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failedannouncer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA
Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderfulin Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls!
. is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
RTLast nights winner was clear &amp; it will be proven time &amp; time again - lets #MAGA!! Lets WIN!! #TrumpTrain
Thank you Rep.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum.
#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!
#LaborDay #AmericaFirst
Video:
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting&amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
Great poll Florida - thank you!
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst
Thank you
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE T
Mainstream media never covered Hillarys massive hacking
or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. Whats up?
#NeverForget
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live onat 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Will be onatEnjoy!
RTIvanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in thethis afternoon, read it here. https:/
Thank you#ImWithYou
Video:
RTIvanka is joiningto outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in to
Thank you Clive, Iowa!
Just got back from Asheville,North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!#MAGA
Thank you Rep.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Transcript:
#AmericaFirst!
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst
The seriously failingdespite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGA
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Just WatchedObviously Tony is a Total Whack Job
The documentary of me thatjust aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; supportas do I. #MAGA by sticking together.
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
Stopped byto thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such asif it is going to stop illegal immigration.
. is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They
are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
A rough night for Hillary ClintonABC News.
Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success.
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 A.M.
I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is afan. Love it.
RTTrump outlines new child-care policy proposals via theAppseems a candidate of destiny https://t.c
tofor standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending#media bias
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
Dummy writerwho wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!
Join us today! Together, we will
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:
#AmericaFirst
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by&amp;
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pea Nieto.
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! #AmericaFirst
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm:
RTDoesn't fit the MSM narrative - so they wont share whatdid for Jesse Jackson in 1999 - so I will! https:/
Wow, the failinghas not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
RTRT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havn't seenin many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Jeff Zucker failedand he is now failing
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Thank you tofor the nice reviews of last night.
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Tickets:
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
I will be interviewed ontonight at 11pmEEnjoy!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets:
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Thank you for your support!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. #FlashbackFriday
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
#ImWithYou
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA
Thank you Travis County, Texas!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight onat 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
I will be interviewed by
at 7pm on#Enjoy!
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and alltalks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
Meet the Trumpocrats: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery.
Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump.she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Thank you tofor the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pEdiscussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Thank youFlorida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down!
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
#ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery #CrookedHillary
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Thank you America! #MAGA
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump
Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house!
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
There will be no amnesty!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
. of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb.
RTWe are ALREADY LIVE in Everett, WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us- our cameras tonight! #TrumpinEverett
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYou
Tickets:
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
#BlackMenForBernie Leader: #Hillary2016 No Regard For Black Racevia#BlacksForTrump
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
NATIONAL DEBT
January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION
August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS - Has she apologized?
Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
RTI hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase, but Trump's immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given.
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
America loves Trump and-- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillary
Great Governoris in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
RTWe are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYou
Tickets:
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
RTREUTERS POLL:CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP...
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Demsvia
Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partnervia dailycaller
The Clinton's are the real predators...
Just heard that crazy and very dumbhad a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratingsJoe a mess!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Wonderfulwas attacked viciously and unfairly onby crazyon low ratingsApologize!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Thank you for having me this morningI enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Thank-You Clarence Henderson for tellingyou know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrumpvia
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in FloridaArizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
Great trip to Mexico today- wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me!
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful SenatorLook forward to being with all of my friends.
Mexico will pay for the wall!
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)&amp; she still has room.
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16
I will be interviewed bytonight at 8pm on theEnjoy!
Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor':
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES.
Full speech transcript:
#CrookedHillary
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
RTPoll:vs.among white Evangelicals.
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
Will be doingtonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is my pledge to the American people:
Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain Thanks
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted bytonight at 10pmE onEnjoy!
The ad was actually very good!
You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U Thanks
yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou
Tickets:
The failingwhich never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%'
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
. so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers.
#TeamTrumpYou need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K
The failinghas become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
200,000 new followers forFrom 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump
Great job byon interview withon#ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!#MAGA #TrumpPence16
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou
Transcript:
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Onlywill change it
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.We must put #AmericaFirst.
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.
#StandWithLouisiana
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou
We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Thank youwill see you soon. #TrumpPence16
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#AmericasMerkel
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning!
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
Will be ontonight at 10pm, hosted byEnjoy!
THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINSTTO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton
People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be nice!
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Tried watching low-ratedthis morning,unwatchable!is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you! Nice
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and aSpecial on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
Thequickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there withyour 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm
The reporting at the failinggets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerfulGood!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
Will be interviewed onat 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou
Video:
I heard thatwas very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
The failingtalks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failingturns everyone off. The American people get it!
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on-
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION.
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
Ratings challengedreports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) the founder of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Thank you Governor&amp;ChairmanPriebus.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story ofand his very insecure long-time girlfriend,Two clowns!
Will be ontonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets:
Trump leading LA Times poll
Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel.
We will bring America together as ONE country againunited as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
. new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....
Cont:
Will be interviewed onat 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly statedthat there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Will be interviewed onnow!
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.
Thank you Alex!
Now cut off my mic! Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd AmendmentHEATED!
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governorand I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you#CoastGuardDay
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!
RTBut there IS something we will do on #ElectionDay: Show up and vote for the #2A! #DefendtheSecond #NeverHillary
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!
#TrumpPence16
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!
#ICYMI: Will Media Apologize to Trump?
Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president! Look up the word BRAINWASHED.
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
RTWe Can Do Better, We Must Do Better, We Will Do Better
By LTG (R) Keith Kellogg and LTG (R) Michael Flynnhttp
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at:
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16
Thank you Senator#TrumpPence16
Thank youtogether we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA
Thank you#TrumpPence16
Thank you Newt!
great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
RT'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'...
Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media.
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again!
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
'Trump is right about violent crime: Its on the rise in major cities'
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story byis a hoax. Totally dishonest.
Thank you!
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov.Iowa &amp; Wisconsin!
3pm-
7pm-
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump &amp; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.Let's Make America Great Again!
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
. - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.I won't dodge questions as your President.
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
RTFORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED...
.You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night onDon Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.'
Thank you Portland, Maine!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RT. encouraged by#taxplan, says #smallbiz would benefit from lower tax rate:
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.Let's Make America Great Again!
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.
RT. is right. Ifgets to pick her anti-#2A #SCOTUS judges, theres nothing we can do. #NeverHillary
RT1/2 Believe Trump gave a great speech.
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
Thank you
Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governorand I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
RTCLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN?
RT2/2How many of our presidents, even our great presidents, would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.Let's Make America Great Again!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, the baby and so much more. Very dishonest!
I will be interviewed ontonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!
Good luck #TeamUSA
#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016
#CrookedHillary
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Daytona | 3pm-
Jacksonville | 7pm-
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Report raises questions about Clinton Cash from Russians during reset'
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!
Colorado Springs:
Denver:
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the'American Dream!'
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:
RT. stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania- prior to main rally. #TrumpMovement #MAGA https:
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it!
#CrookedHillary
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.Get YOURS today!
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA
When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars,
NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal.
Thanks tofor your kind words, very much appreciated.
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP:
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failingis a joke.is laughable!
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD#NeverHillary
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope.
Crooked Hillary said that I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016
Little Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They dont want them heard.
When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down, I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP32.2 MILLION.CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.Thank you!
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
#CrookedHillary Job Application
I believe in science Dem code for we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at:
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.Get YOURS today!
RTDemocrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rallyvia
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!
My daughterwill be ontonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also joinin Nevada on Mon!
Carson City:
Reno:
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!#NeverHillary
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
Thank you Denver, Colorado!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more.Get YOURS today!
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA
3pm in OH:
7pm in PA:
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:
Daytona | 3pm-
Jacksonville | 7pm-
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Joinat the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets:
#CrookedHillary
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Thank you!
Facebook:
Instagram:
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
#ICYMI: John Podestas Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putins Uranium Company:
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November!
RTJoin me in Colorado, today! Look forward to seeing you!
Denver- 2pm
Colorado Springs- 6pm
https:/
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!
#TrumpPence16 #MAGA
Tickets:
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and forgot to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
Tickets:
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke.and the little watched= SAD!
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
#CrookedHillary
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
I was atand met Juan Williams in passing.He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!
Great new poll - thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE
AMERICA'S FUTURE
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16
Funny how the failingis pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius. America 1st!
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks.
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win
Thank you New Hampshire!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT withjoining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA
Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - BreitbartGreat!
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
#CrookedHillary
RTObama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech...
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen tothe Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
RTGood morning! Join me in Lima, Ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm. #MAGA
Tickets:
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Thepanels are so one sided, almost all against Trump.is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Thank you Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Barack is offended thatwill demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Bernie caved!
Join our next Vice President,in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!
MI:
WI:
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
RTTrump makes a funny, obvious joke about Russia going after Hillary's emails &amp; U.S. media goes insane with fury.
He plays t
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
Today proves what I have always known, thatPriebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (
Arena was packed, totally electric!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The ratings atblow away the ratings of- not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watching the #GOPConvention
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov.
#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention
#AmericaFirst
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!
Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people.
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Thank you#AmericaFirst
Will be ontonight at 8:30pmprior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
URGENT: weve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us!
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!
#TextTrump88022 for exclusiveupdates!We will Make America Great Again!
RTSTILL AHEAD:joins us at 7am/et! #RNCinCLE
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
I will be ontonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Thank youProud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
Networks other than low ratingshave been very fair and exciting!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Great job#RNCinCLE
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
DonaldTrump and his running mateto appear on #60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals#HillaryKaine2016
Thank you#AmericaFirst
#RNCinCLE
As the days and weeks go by,we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
Weve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
. is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
. is much better, and far more truthful, thanwhich is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Thank you to Governorfor such warm support. Great speech!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
Bill Hemmer ofwas very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE
General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
Great jobProud of you!
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
You can watch 360 video live from the podium!#RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!
#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE
. was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#TrumpPence16
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!
Great jobProud of you!
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain
#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain
#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE
Thank you! #TrumpPence16
Weve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT!
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet!
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes,
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8, she's out!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away, no pictures.
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
I will be interviewed bytonight onat 8pm. Enjoy!
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou
Looking forward to meeting within a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Great new poll- thank you America!
#Trump2016 #ImWithYou
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
It was great spending time withyesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016
Tickets:
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016
My son,will be interviewed bytonight at 10pm onEnjoy!
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today!
#ImWithYou
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Even theandEditorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
I heard that the underachieving John King ofon Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Thank you Speaker
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also?
Dishonest media! #Frozen
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. Not fit!
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!
#Trump2016 #ImWithYou
Thank you! #ImWithYou
Onat 7:00 P.M. Special: Meet the Trumps Hope you enjoy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwideHaving ZERO impact. Sad!!
Great poll- Florida! Thank you!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary!
I look forward to meetingtoday in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...
I will be interviewed bytonight onat 11pm. Enjoy!
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
The Republican platform is most
pro-Israel of all time!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary.
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.
Just read in the failingthat I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland - a total lie. These people are sick!
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thepoll sample is heavy on Democrats.Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
For reasons only they can explain, thewants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
Arrivingwith&amp;Back to New York tonight.
Video:
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America.
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
RT43-39
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Thank you! #AmericaFirst
#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History!
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just
never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
. great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
. is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Thank you for your support!
#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016
Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals! Donald Trump #dtmag
Good forhe's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here:
#CrookedHillary #Trump2016
This is why I would think the unions would supportfor #POTUS
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst
Just watchedand how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough.
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:
And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on- He was great! Thank you John.
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic for
the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016 #MAGA
I'll be a guest today on Making Money withon @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT DiscussingTune in!
Thank you#ImWithYou
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction aswas speaking. #UPUPUP
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address:
What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
The story with Hillary will never change.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!
we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general
RTReminder: last year, Clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
I will be interviewed bytonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own:
Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube
I will be onat 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
New book byis absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..
On the 13th tee boxwith my grand daughter, Kai!
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Themust fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonestrefuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined usyesterday!
Hillary read sigh off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel:
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
The dirty poll done by is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
thanks for sharing Eric we neednow as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
. We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 P.M.
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
RTTrump's speech today was Churchillian, only better.You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst
RT. I was so impressed by [ speech yesterday. He was the best I've ever seen him. https
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!Thank you.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
I will be interviewed bytonight on7pm ET
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd:
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you- on my way!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
RTHAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to theTHANK YOU!
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd:
Thank you
brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'slogan
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is:
Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:
WEDNESDAY! GEORGIA:
SATURDAY! NEVADA:
RTHonored to pray for my friend,at tonight's Dallas rally. #TrumpDallas c:
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016
Thank you! #AmericaFirst
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.-- Donald J. Trump
Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer.
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016
Hillary says this election is about judgment.She's right.Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to theTHANK YOU!
#Imwithyou
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Thank you Houston, Texas!
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.--Donald J. Trump
Thank you Dallas, Texas!
On immigration, Im consulting with our immigration officers
&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
RTFlying to Dallas now withof discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas.Rs wil
#Imwithyou
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
I thought people werent celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right.
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016
Tickets:
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father. Thank you.
The media attack onis relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT:
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump may have insinuated aboutBut he's right:
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS!
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
Houston, TX:
Las Vegas, NV
Phoenix, AZ:
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets:
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families
#CrookedHillary
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers Lou is great
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.They have bankrupted
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Im not watching it much anymore.
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
RTAnyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech.Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to
RTTrump's speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed:
I love you Arizona! Thank you!
#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been disqualifying.
I am watchingand how fairly they are treating me and my words, andand the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
AMERICA FIRST!
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from
U.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016
Video:
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Yesterday's failingfraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!
Watch out HillaryClintonSupport#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as
Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening eventtaking place on June 24th.
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
I don't watch or doanymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016
Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump.
.doingonis awesome. Number one presidency of all time
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
I think the first female president of the USA will bea beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Nobody is watchinganymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
Thank you Richmond, Virginia!
#Trump2016
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv:
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
I will be interviewed tonight on- Enjoy!10:00 P.M.
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
RTWATCH NOW: Thesupporters you'd never expect
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Thank youCoalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
#RTM2016 #Trump2016
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering theprotection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations Mr. Trump.Thank you!
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to asis getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!
I am watchingvery little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
Thank you California! #Trump2016
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Yes! Hubby and I voted 4already!Thank you.
. Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by
Join me!
6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm
6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am
6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm
6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
Thank you Redding, California!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money thanothers on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944.
Why WHERE IS THE REPORTING&lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Thank you Diamond and Silk!
Sad case-did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
2004 VIDEO:
Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016
Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too.
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated.
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
You will be the greatest president the world has ever seenThanks.
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way.
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
Heres The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamabut nobody else does!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
please Mr.Trump makeyour VP. He is a perfect running mate.He is a great guy!
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! #VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE #TrumpTrain
fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote forat least you'll have a job.
Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016
Tickets:
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
People likereport on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Great speach!!!!!!!Thanks!
This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! #Women4Ttump #Trump2016
Standing byall the way to the White House!
Gee ... Does this makeright one more time?
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
RTGraph:Historic 13 Million Primary Votes Compared To Every GOP Nominee Since 1908
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Join me! #Trump2016
6/10: Richmond
6/11: Tampa
6/11: Pittsburgh
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst #Trump2016
JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We wantYou AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP
Legacy Of Leading On Womens, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats
Senator Sanders spent more thanyet lost.
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.
Thank you Tampa, Florida!
#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
RTMy next project is pretty amazing!
xx, Ivanka
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
Do you ever notice thatgives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
. Thank you for the nice piece in/
Keep up the great work!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016
I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Great honor to receive today's endorsement ofReally nice! #Trump2016
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THIS ISLEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEEDNOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!
Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took. Thanks.
Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONGSo true, and remember the M.I.A.'s!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder RallyA great day in D.C.!
Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering
high energy!
how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.
Thank youmany friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
The failingwrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016
I will be interviewed ontonight at 10pmE onEnjoy!
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!
Thank you!! #Trump2016
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016
Tickets:
congratulations from India
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country.
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
RTBeautiful article aboutwritten by my friend, the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis:
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
#Trump2016 Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.
AfterI will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club,
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovatedResort, the worlds best.
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Tickets:
Thank you Anaheim, California!
#Trump2016
UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Same failingreporter who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Congratulations toon his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her.
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
. Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
I am ontonight, a big special. at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warrenhas done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
#TrumpTrain
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Thank you! #Trump2016
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
Great job! Make America Great Again!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special ontonight-at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016
I am always on the front page of the failingbut when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016
My wifeand my children will be featured onwith7pmE. Enjoy!
#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
Poll data shows thatdoes by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
AfterI will visitin Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs.for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
. just watched you onthank you!
Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure
wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not widespread. I will take care of
our vets!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - Bernie said the same thing!
we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!
Will go back on for a final question now!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed theas a disgusting fraud?Thank you Rowanne.
Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job
Failingwill always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
I am on my way! See you all soon!
A suggestion for the dishonest media-
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by
I will be interviewed onat 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by theprior to#Trump2016 #2A
speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all.
Paul Begala, the dopeyflunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!
Some low-life journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like thestory which has become a joke!
I can't believe thatwould allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!
#Trump2016 #MAGA
Tickets:
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
Amazing job
Join me in California or Montana!
5/25/16: Anaheim, California
5/26/16: Billings, Montana
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her.
Lovely interview, Mr. Trump!Thanks.
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Thank youfor the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th holeTurnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain.
Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts
I trustmore anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without adoubt.
We actually really do love you! Great!
RTBREAKING POLL: Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary 46-44vi
we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
Hillary Just Handeda Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016
what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!! Not really soft at all!
you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need.is a tough interview! Respect to both
great interview with! Thanks.
. Watching you on Fox withnow. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about.
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement todayIt means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We cant allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
Why did Clinton supporterdeclare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I like Michael Douglas!
amazing on Megan Kelly Thanks.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!
Thank youWe will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeedTrue!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it
The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST.
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay
.Best interview that I have ever seen.
Kudos toandfor rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy
Crooked Hillary said that Iwant guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain &amp; jointo stop her.
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
and we love you Diamond and SilkI do also!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
One thing we know for suresupporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank youfor setting the failingstory straight. This is what the NYT's should have written!
it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.
Thank you America! #Trump2016
. is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
Thanks
Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen.
Is Hillary really protecting women?
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES
Great interview Megyn
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Why do the networks continue to put dopeyon panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discreditedhit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #Trump2016 Thanks.
Why did the failingrefuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!
#Trump2016
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I cant tell the truth about her husband? Dont feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Theis so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the energizer to D.C.?
Thereport on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Nebraska!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
Over 50 women were interviewed by theyet they only wrote about 6. Thats because there were so many positive statements.
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnt care less about the American workerdoes nothing to help!
Thanks Piers.
Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!Thank you!
I'm a women &amp; I 100% support&amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I
have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon!
I will be live tweetingShow in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Great meeting withMitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatshe had one!
The failingis greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failingstory yesterday, was onsaying Times lied
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnt have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
The liars that signed the pledge and now won't supportIS the reason they are losers
RTLOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTION
Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The writer of the now proven false story in theMichael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Wow,is really working hard to make me look as badas possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Thank you for the nice words this morningWell delivered and totally logical!
RTinteresting poll results so far (and go vote on
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Thank you, Anthony The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump
A political commentator forwhich I no longer watch, said Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries. I set all-time record!
Great new poll- thank you!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
I will be live tweeting my interview withon the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!
Everyone is laughing at thefor the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failingpiece. Massive front page for that!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase!
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The failingwrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Why doesn't the failingwrite the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
RTOHIO GENERAL ELECTION
Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
.Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Will be interviewed byon at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP
That was an amazing interview on- I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest theis!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you.
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I look forward to watchingtonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very fair.
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
Wow, I hearhas gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
Thank you West Virginia!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!
Closes at 8pm!
Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
Great new poll- thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failingstory yesterday joined
No wonder theis failingwho can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
Thank you Jason GreenblattFor Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump
Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
. #RepMikeKellyGreat job onthis morning. Thank you for the nice words!
I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR#NebraskaPrimary #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart
In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
Hillary has bad judgment!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Viaand Jason GreenblattDonald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failinghit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
In interview I toldthat my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, wed have no jobs in Americashe doesnt have a clue.
OREGON votes today! Go vote forand kick it BIG TIME!
Great day in D.C. withand Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
I will be interviewed onat 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Thank you Evansville, Indiana!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am honored that the great men and women of thehave created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#Trump2016 #VoteTrump
Join me in Washington today!
Spokane tickets:
Lynden tickets:
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow!
Lets properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrens records to see if she is Native American. I say shes a fraud!
Will be interviewed ontonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
I am onwith Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016
#HappyMothersDay!
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.
I will be interviewed on at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed onand Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen. Thank you Rick!
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump
RTCarly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinkingcampaignvia
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
.Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
I will be interviewed onthis morning. Enjoy!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
THANK YOU AMERICA!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I hearof rapidly fadingis pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
I will be interviewed on at 7:00 A.M.
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!
Thank you America! #Trump2016
. is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
Onshownow. ENJOY!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#INPrimary #VoteTrump
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 A.M.
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
I watched Sen. GrahamWhy don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank youfor the nice comments ontoday. Great job!
.Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
. thank you for your support tonight on
I will be interviewed onwith the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
On#MattSchlapp was on the ball &amp; #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor.will EXPAND #GOP
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent.
RTSeems out of touch w/ reality to announce a VP nominee before securing 1237 delegates.https://t.
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clintons flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Omaha, Nebraska:
Eugene, Oregon:
I will be interviewed onat 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't.will give his all for us!
Response to
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.Kellyanne, you were fantastic ontoday. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!
#Trump2016 #INPrimary
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business. She then apologized.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will be interviewed by at 6pm ET tonight
.Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
RTWow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekickwho keeps me &amp; thein line!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
RTDonald Trump Jr. On The Record: Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning viahttps://t.c
The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Thank you Laura!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#Trump2016
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut!
I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much.
#NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive #GOP nominee
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you!
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrump
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks!
Thank you Newt!
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower-
Had a meeting with the terrificof Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!
#RIPrimary #VoteTrump
Thank you,#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
Agreed!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
RTGREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
.Great job and advice on Thank you!
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
Thank you California! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
. awesome job onDonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate Bribery
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016
. is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Video:
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now:
Who did the House Task Force on
Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP?
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.
#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay
RTAn Honor to be in #Indiana w &amp; the legend, Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Wow, really nice!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
I will be interviewed on theat 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!
#PAPrimary #VoteTrump
Congratulations toon his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by thetoday. Amazing job!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware!
RTA message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK!
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016
#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech in
Buffalo, New York!
#VoteTrumpNY
Thanks Dave!
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Thank you&amp;#Trump2016
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you New York! I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Your policies will make this state and country great again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
RTDEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
I will be doing thewith my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets:
I am happy to hear how badly theis doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
. was great ontonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016
Join me onfrom Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016
Thanks!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016
How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back
our country, and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch video &amp; go
#VoteTrump!
Discussing #NewYorkValues
in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.
LETS GO NY! #VoteTrump
Everybody is In A New York State of Mind now!
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of&amp; I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air onSaturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!!
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
Tickets:
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary
Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica
Thank you,#Trump2016
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016
Poll showsleads among registered Republican women with 44%. Thank you!
here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention.Very sad!
I will be interviewed onat 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
I just voted forin Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit! Fantastic!
Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out &amp; vote.
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain A big crowd!
Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle
Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016
New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for...Not surprising.
we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !!Thank you.
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly( is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
DearI'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN! #Trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Great to be ontonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.(EASTERN).
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016
#NewYorkValues
Thanks for Rochester rally.Great people, thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!
#Trump2016 #NYPrimary
Tickets available:
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife,today. #NewYorkValues
we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him Great!
let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump
just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.Thank you!
We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !!
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association!
#NewYorkValues
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The Real Person Of The Year! Wow!
See you tomorrow Dutchess County,
New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain
I am onat 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New YorkLeads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire...
#ICYMI:this morning.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Thank you Eric!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great interview withonregardingpath to victory #NewDay #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Albany, New York!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary
Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidatethat will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST#trump
. is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule.
Thepurposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer,ofand
Will be interviewed byontonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary
This is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised by
politicians. Repub party is in trouble!
New York, we will make America great again!
Your tax and economic plans are second to none!Media shld report.
Jennifer is a terrific person.
Nobody beats me on National Security.
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary
4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON
4/16: WATERTOWN - 3pm
#Trump2016
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
I think it's more like 64%. #VoteTrumpNY #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on ## I'll post
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
We support you #HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt.
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you!
Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals:7,546,980;5,481,737;2,724,749 A BIG DIFFERENCE
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE. And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016
I will be interviewed byontomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called leaders ever learn!
Will be interviewed ononfrom #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
I will be onwith Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will be on tonight at 10pmE w/from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!
Thank you #Racine &amp; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016
#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary
. Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
Wow,is in total disarray
with almost everybody quitting. Good
news -- bad, dishonest journalists!
. got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is onbeing nasty to me. Not nice!
How come the&amp;show the newPoll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
Just had a very nice meeting withPriebus and theLooking forward to bringing the Party
together --- and it will happen!
Congratulations tofor winning theWe are all proud of you&amp; allclubs! Great going!
Challenge to all WI gun owners. Voteonly candidate that will protect your rights!
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#WISCONSIN VOTE SMARTRECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/
Still time to get out and VOTE!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGA
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005.
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.Great!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Is it possible forto cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!
Thank you! #Trump2016
I am onwithdoing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE withJoin us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016
Ifstopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview withbeat her by millions!
RT#Wisconsin: To find your voting location visit#MakeAmericaGreatAgain#TrumpTrainhttps:/
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain we can only do that withRT
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
For the 1st time in American history, Americas 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! Thank you.
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget!
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted?
. should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump
next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary
RTLast chance #Wisconsin: Find your polling location for today's primary &amp; go vote! Visit #T
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
Victory press conference was over.
Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016
#DonaldTrump is the only guy, I think, that has the will &amp; the nerve to attack &amp; to fight.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
RTNice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trumps three eldest children jump into campaign
Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016
Tickets:
Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!
#WIPrimary #Trump2016
I was not scheduled to be on thePure fiction!
Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
Wow,has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
Congratulations tofor having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary
Great honor to haveGeneral Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
is reviewing the week,but majority of the show aboutcuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016IS THE ONLY DEAL !!!
Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,foreign policy, and NATO!
This Tweet fromhas been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Learn more.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin.
#VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Don't believe thePolls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it #VoteTrump2016
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and its not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin Ted Cruz. Honestly, I cant blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It is amazing howgets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
If crazydidn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&amp;P: 1314.5% #Derp
Whatsstrategy to secure the GOP nomination? Ill talk to the Republican front-runner.
I will be interviewed onat 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
. and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.No way!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. Its time to get tough!
TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
Lyin Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas just another dishonest politician.
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016
#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
RT#Arizona: We made it easy to find your polling location for today's primary! Simply visit https:/
. thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#VoteTrump video:
#AZPrimary #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa
. You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs.is wasting time
I am interviewed on This Week onthis morning. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed onthis morning. Enjoy!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
I want to thankfor all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
Wow,ratings are up 75% because it's all Trump, all the time. The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined.
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failingwrote a critical article. I was so right!
. Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
The media is so after me on womenWow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
Turns outwas wrong.had nothing to do with it
. T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM NO
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
So the highly overrated anchor,is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
#ArizonaPrimary message from#AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A dead show
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Dearafter doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying.
. Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016
Donald Trump will be greaterpresident than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Im the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop
We stand by Trump 100%Thank you!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Shes been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story
via the Gateway Pundit:
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
Wow, sleepy eyesis at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#WIPrimarywill defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters likeWho owns Ted?
WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!JOBS!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
#UtahCaucus message from#UTCaucus
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt;
Here's Trump #AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch.
A picture is worth a thousand words #LyingTed #NeverCruz
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
#LyingTed blamesfor so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
You have over 2M followers more than thanThis says something about how America feels. #Trump2016
Great to be back in Arizona!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,are never blamed by media? SAD!
See Lyin' Ted, even the(no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz-
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
is trying so hard to bashit's ridiculous Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
Will be interviewed ononat 7:15 A.M.
I totally agree!is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!
.Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at
Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
Was going to watchfor the primary results but saw- looks like #CNN tonight
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazyis unwatchable.
Is this what we want for a President?
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
Yesterday was amazing5 victories.Lyin Ted Cruz
had zero. Things are going very well!
Crazyis now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
RTUtah Speaker of the House announces endorsement ofSaysplayed a big role
RTI can skate here ONLY b/cfixed this rink after NYC govt spent $13M, but FAILED! Good for Trump! https:/
Thank you Arizona- I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Will be interviewed onat 7:40. ENJOY!
Wow, just won Missouri!
Thank you- New York! I love you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
Watchingfantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Actually, no has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday.
I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team.
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Everybody should boycott theshow. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
While I have never metof the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Crazysays I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
. is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump
Thank you, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RTFriends in #FL #OH #NC #IL &amp; #MO we would be honored to have your #VOTE! #SuperTuesday #LetsDoThis #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #T
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
. I thinkcan beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling
Hayes is looking depressed as well.
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who choked and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Readingof the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
1st time I heard #Trump I said wow. I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
Crazysupposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
. Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
. You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
Thank you Marco, I agree!
That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter,#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
I guess I have reached yet another ceiling- 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Senatormade horrible statements about and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO!
Great news thathas cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
RTMathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel.
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Will be interviewed onat 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
. got fired like a dog from RedState
and now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions.
Love Utah- will be back!
I will be interviewed onat 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know.
Highly overrated &amp; crazyis always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Listening to interview on replay ofSavage Nation #GO DONALD TRUMP !!!!! Thanks.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States #AZ #UT
I thank God you are on board withto help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will sing again.
I am making a big speech the night of thedebate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him #Trump2016
after tonight it is clear! Utah is #TrumpCountry#Utah #Mormon #UtahPrimary #Utah4Trump
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Florida
Illinois
Missouri
North Carolina
Ohio
#TrumpTrain
Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Thank you! #Trump2016
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes-
nobody grows them better. As
President, I will protect your market.
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of$'s in false ads!
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion!
Thank you America! #Trump2016
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse.
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
LYIN' TED
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio.
No way to run a country!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
RTTrump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet
Thank you
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealousfailures have ZERO credibility!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump
Video:
RTLIVE Stream now: Donald Trump press conference #TrumpTrain #Trump2016
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
RTProb w/ all pundits saying last fallhad no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016
Video:
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
I believe thatwill be the big winner tomorrow.Thank you!
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur.
I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016
#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!
Setup is underwayrally in Madison. #MSPrimaryThank you!
Wow, you are all correct about- totally biased and disgusting reporting.
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016
Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate
I will be interviewed bytonight at 10pm EST onEnjoy!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
Rumor has it thatis going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Thank you! #GOPDebate
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
RTLIVE Stream: Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton, FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks. #TrumpTrain
https://t
Let's be clear.. #NeverTrump is about Never someone we don't own You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump.
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
I hear/came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
RTThe Scrum: Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields IncidentBreitbart htt
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
Just received from
Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on
Tuesday Ohio! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. Ill be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America.
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000!
Thank you!
Another Dishonest Politician
#LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio
Thank you America! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative.
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
RTAloha Hawaii: We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus#TrumpWaikiki #Mahalo https://
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:
Hawaii:
Idaho:
Mississippi:
Michigan:
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio:
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
RTI endorseIts time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The failingis truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!
RTPlease read my full endorsement of for President of the United States:
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
#Donald Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him! Thank you!
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted excellent reviews.
RTMany people fight for change in DC.is a leader with an outsiders perspective &amp; the vision, guts &amp; ene
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
To the people of Kentucky,
Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure.
#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination for Rubio, says
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I wantto go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the
Chairman of my National Security
Advisory Committee.
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. #TrumpTrain
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Thank you Georgia!
#SuperTuesday #Trump2016
For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than TrumpSo true!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016
March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas:
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right? #MorningJoeShe is a major loser - no clue!
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of Trump
. was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Thank you toandfor a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
I am watching two clown announcers onas they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
. poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off.
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big R win!
I will be interviewed onthis morning. Enjoy!
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesnt have a clue.
GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDITOFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy!
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.
Video:
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
RTFriends: Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016
#SuperSaturday
Lets go America! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#SuperTuesday
I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
Thank you Columbus, Ohio!
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)
KY his 2nd choice!
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
I took Trump University class and saved my home!
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Video:
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters:
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen #MAGA
Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election:
RTIf you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas remember to vote today! Together let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain htt
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championshipin Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
. anddid a 1 hour hit job on me todaytotally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP&amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... #TRUMPDOG
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
MY POSITION ON VISAS
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016
#SuperSaturday
Thank you Willie Robertson!
#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
Will misstonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Thank you America! #Trump2016
My wifewill be #OnTheRecord w/tonight at 7pmE onEnjoy!
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky!
#VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here:
teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again.
RTWho has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? I'm like a kid on Christmas! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold.
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championshipin Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
RTAs predicted, Trump reaching out to make peace with Republican establishment.If he becomes inevitable party would be
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
. is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
#KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM. So true!
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016
A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America.
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to hit Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
THANK YOU!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.#AlwaysTrump #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
Incredibly proud of my son&amp; his efforts on behalf ofin Memphis, TN.
trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said peed - is he still in junior high school.
I'm going to do whatwas totally unable to do- WIN!
Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Video:
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow!
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All'
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers like absolute trash in order to pass Obama's amnesty.
RT. in 2012 w/ Romney on tax returns(political ploy.) Fast forward..2016 w/ Robot Rubio
#FAIL#Politician https:
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram:
Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony.
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good.
Never let them see you sweat!
I will be onat 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
Thank you for your support &amp;
friendship- Governor
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician.
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
My sons, Don and Eric, are onnow 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow.
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!
#Trump2016 Video:
Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3Wow!
.#RogerStone was just banned by- their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! #VoteTrump Thank you.
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight chokerMarco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016
Vote Early in the #LoneStarState #SuperTuesdaywill #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
RTFriends: If you live in AL, AK, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VT or VA, get out and VOTE on Tuesday! #Trump2016 https://t.
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the puppet of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight
anything is better than
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing
supporters! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004.
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of sex offenses. DISGRACE!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country.
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Governor Alejandro Garca Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio is no friend of Puerto Rico.
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch:
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
RTGov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media!
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Failed presidential candidatewas made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isnt afraid to tell it like it is. Governor
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio
It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump
in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak Thank you!
A majority of evangelicals believeis best equipped to save the country. #Greta
My wifewill be joining tonight at 8pmE onEnjoy!
Thank you
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!
#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #Trump2016
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Got the endorsement of Brian France andyesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
GO TRUMP
Also, all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, &amp;#NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Ted Cruz said onthat illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
I am in VirginiaPresidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here:
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopeyHe should be fired!
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!
#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV
.Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
A big fat hit job ontonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased.said I would never run, a dope!
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016
Watch:
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someones net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous?
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
I will be ontonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RTNevada: Here is a quick videocreated on How to Caucus - very quick and simple!
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
A vote fororis a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
This veteran just votedin the SC primary, let's make America great again!
TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016 Caucus locator:
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.Sad but true
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina!
#VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!
Trump 36%
Cruz 18%
Rubio 18%
Carson 10%
Kasich 7%
Via
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted byon
Great. Just reported onthat many people who supportedare now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Schedule &amp; tickets:
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today!
#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV
Melania will be interviewed byonnow (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
The failingWall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
RTThank you Elko County, Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate it #trump2016 #ICYMI ht
Why doesntjust endorsealready.
Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late
now!
This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!
Why would Texans vote for liar Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
. Poll andsay that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
My wife Melania will be on tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by- Enjoy!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol #Trump2016
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI
Trump 35%
Kasich 17%
Cruz 12%
Rubio 12%
Carson 9%
Via: ARG
Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!
#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO:
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
RTNevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016
Caucus locator:
Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
RT#NVcaucus locator -&gt;
Thank you for your endorsement#BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video:
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.
Exclusive interview w/ my wifetomorrow morning @ 8amE onw/ Enjoy!
Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada!
#VoteTrumpNV
#NevadaCaucus Finder:
Thank you South Carolina!
gets it. Was just onexplaining how Trump wins the general election.Thank you Ed!
FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP
did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
RTJust back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA
RTVery proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! #NVcaucus
THANK YOU NEVADA!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Username: realdonaldtrump
Ted Cruz does not have the right temperment to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right
Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time #NoLoyalty
RTNevada remember you can Vote and Go - walk in vote and walk out!
Caucus locator:#TrumpLV https:/
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!
Trump 28%
Cruz 15%
Rubio 14%
Kasich 13%
Bush 8%
Carson 6%
Simon Poll/SIU
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.onis working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
Thank youfor your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
Love it!is done. We need someone who is proven.will make America Great Again
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
No matter what liar sleazeballsays aboutin Tennessee. We have early voting andhas won.
Oh greatis doing aonlike losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016 He's a fool
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check outPoll snd Q Poll.
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I would never be president - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC
#Trump2016
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
THANK YOU AMERICA!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!
VOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC
#SouthCarolina If you want a job next Januarytoday.will work for the people.
WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE! #WATCH:
Get out &amp; #VoteTrump if you don't #VoteTrump NOTHING will change it's that simple! #VoteTrump
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot,only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
Tonight on CNNwas GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
BUSTED AGAIN:in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising #SCPrimaryThe guy is bad news
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -TRUMP IS WINNING
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really?
EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
How canbeat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC
Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war.
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece,and just go home.
RTPope on Trump: A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian. This is Vatican City.
TheTrump phenomenon summed up: Leadership, Fighter and Winner. Not a Liar
I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC
Boycott all Apple productsuntil such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Just sat down for a great interview within Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Explain toandwho know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
. who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it!
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday!
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
. thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
. is changing theirtheme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced. But dyingis worse.Their phony poll is ajoke!
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ:
#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be #POTUS! #Trump2016
Thank you for your continued support!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
RTPope Francis, tear down that wall!
#vaticanwalls
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
Thank you America! #Trump2016
you crushed the debate! Thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be interviewed bytonight by phone- a late show first Enjoy!
#Colbert #LSSC
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period.
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
All aboard the Trump Train!
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private Eminent Domain --- Just another clueless politician!
Heysee how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
. is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina.
is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. #fairandbalancedmyassHe is weak on illegal immigration!
Response to the Pope:
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
Why doesdevote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
Im self-funding and I am going to take care of the peoplenot the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
Thank you, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
Tonight I will be onwithat 10pm andw/at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#SCPrimaryis the only one who will protect American interests. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!
#SCPrimary #Trump2016
A message from#SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Video:
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
. showed a focus group onme using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
Thank you, New Hampshire!
#FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH
Voting questions?
Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a highly gifted politician and a great entertainer - I assume that is a compliment!
I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, &amp; take back our country
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed onat 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back. I told you so, only going to get worse
stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!
I know the Governors and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Lightweightis spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failingwill I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
Thank you to the people ofNew Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#Trump On #Ford, #Carrier, Shipping #Jobs To #Mexico: Im The Only One Who Understands Whats Going On
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
You can find your polling locations at:
#FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH
Like the worthlesslooks likewill be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me. We are watching!
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
Rememberwants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (come as act of love). Not a leader!
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?
Which is it?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?Get rid of it fast.
The failingdestroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthlesshas a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT. Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidates
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be onat 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
Ifdoesnt clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our leader - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they dont get things done. Video:
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
Get on Trump's List email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay.
Email:
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
will rule #SouthCarolinaPrimary!
Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant.
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
RTJeb is a weak guy.
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
Word is that little Morty Zuckermansloses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
you have just been put on noticeWe Stand with you... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thankyou.
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview onand article in Newsmax! Great insight
Thank you! I miss my father.
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH
Video:
good I want to see the court decide what I was always told natural born means - born on American soil
New Hampshire vote today -MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife
#Trump2016 We know better than to trust the RNCSo cute!
RTNevada: Reminder that today is the LAST day to register to vote in the February 23rd caucus! https://
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary
Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this.
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!
#FITN #VoteTrumpNH
Lying Cruz put out a statement, Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage. Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Millions of $'s of false ads,paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater and sleepyare now running in S.C.
Let's Get United In America With
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Worthlesswhich dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/How can he preach Christian values?
Lightweightsaid tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie!
#GOPDebate
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary
Last time lightweighttried to knock offhe made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary.
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.
Visit:
Message from
There are no buyers for the worthlessbut little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd!
#FITN #Trump2016
Really dumbBegged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and choice - a total lie!
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release thatwas quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night.
. #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!
The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order. #GOPDebate
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals.
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I wont let them take away our guns! #Trump2016
Watch:
Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure
Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH
I am onnow! Tune in!
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies.
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
RTThe #CruzCrew prevailed! Smart forto keep his speech short &amp; sweet. Ditto forwho was brie
IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
. onHe finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro
Join us! #CaucusForTrump
11am WATERLOO:
1:30pm CEDER RAPIDS:
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm onfrom New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
RTRemarkable how cost-effective Post says Trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much Jeb spent per vote.
#Hannityis the only hope to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
#VotersSpeak:
Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night.
AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary
Great job ontonightbegged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy!
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately!
Thank you Newt!
DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.TRUMP 2016
Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always,calls it right: Trump held them off. #GOPDebate
#ICYMI:&amp;discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote.
RT#VoteTrump2016 a real leader that truly cares about America &amp; our values. He wants to bring prosperity back 2 USA
RTCEDAR RAPIDS --
TRUMP'S DAUGHT IVANKA:
I can just say without equivocation, my father will make America great again.
I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; you'll have this Democrats vote.
RTSat down w/ here in Iowa.Talked God,late night tweets
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum.
Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016
I will be on State of the Unionwithat 9am. Enjoy!
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN
Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! #VoteTrump Thanks!
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.
all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying.
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud
It never ends!
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
. dominatingsearches throughout #GPLFers.
why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trumps talk materializes! He will make America great again
. led inconversation during the #GOPDebate.
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
I very much look forward to tomorrows debate in New Hampshireso many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! #TrumpTrain
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it.
How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now:
You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy!
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
I will be interviewed onat 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
Thank you&amp;Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
RTWatch: Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America
My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here.
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
RTDebate ready!!!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights.
Great to meet everyone while having breakfastthis morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH
if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing
If I owned a big company that was failing, I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered
Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South.
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary
All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!
Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won.
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow:
RTCONSTRUCTIVE WINS!
http
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
.as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice!
Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets! #TrumpSupporters
Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #GOPDebate
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
Watchon NOW!
Border agent: We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in.
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony
why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible
. looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?
Thank you, America!
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
RTLIMBAUGH: By not showing, he's owning entire event...
9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS.
Thank you!
Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents.
Trump 47% Clinton 43%
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!
Do you thinkknows aboutdealings? Actually, I doubt it!
And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions?
RTTrump winning over Latino Republicans, poll says | New York Post
Thank you, America! #Trump2016
Via
damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?
Thank you for your support!
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vets
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
#IACaucus2/1/20166:30pm
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Iowa caucus finder:#GOPDebate
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I hopehas enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watchingWatching Trump tonight #GOPDebate
The debate tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
The statement put out yesterday bywas a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada
I hear that$$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Teds) holdings.?
Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump #Trump2016
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder:
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter,
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
THANK YOU! #Trump2016
#IACaucus finder:
Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!
What America Needs: The Case for Trump Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey LordAvailable now.
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing unfairness - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
. is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Watching biased Charlesaflunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
takes #YUGE hit on advertising revenues by screwing withROFL!
. &amp; his wifeattended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is.GREAT IDEA!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation withthis morning. Enjoy!
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great countrySo true!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation. They are now under investigation. Bad!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Tennessee GOP Poll
Trump 32.7%
Cruz 16.5%
Carson 6.6%
Rubio 5.3%
Christie 2.4%
Jeb 1.6%
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C.
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With this morning. ENJOY!
is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests.
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation
Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU! John Wayne Walding
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
Donald Trump Hands Bill OReilly Cable TV Viewership Win-
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#CaucusForTrump Video:
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949zNO!
Sobrings in #MichaelMoore to add credibility in her fight with #FoxNews #ROGERAILES
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
Thank you for the kind words tonight,You were great! See you soon!
Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator likewho is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senatoris endorsing Canada Ted!
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#IACaucus finder:
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
.The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
Tickets:
So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?
. is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
The great State of Nebraska can do much better thanas your Senator. Saw him on- totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!
newWSJ poll showspulling ahead ofin #Iowa. Great!
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
They say that if I participated in last nights Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
Pathetic attempt to bribeHe can't be bought
. is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
Watchshow you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video:
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video:
Thank you, America!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
#iCaucused #iVoted
Pathetic attempt byto try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.
#ThankAVet Video:
I will be interviewed ontonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
. has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks.
Based onconflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
I will be interviewed byonat 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
My palwas just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.Thank you David, you were great!
I will be on FOX with the greattonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
. Great comment after last rallyonTriumph with Trump or lose with Cruz. #Excellent
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
i honestly believe you are the only one who can make #AmericaGreatAgain.
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over.
review-doomed
Why doesn't phony tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
BECK wanted to commit suicide aftersurgery, clearly is unbalanced!
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!
#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016
RT#NewYork tromps #Jonas. Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges.
I will end common core. It's a disaster.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
CRUZ IS DONE
Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD
I will be doing this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doingat around 7:00. Figure it out!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
A huge disappointment to seeconstantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show.
Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb.
Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
The next president isn't on ur stage.is the next president.
cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots.WILL be our next President. #Trump2016 #RNC
Megan can not contain her bias, it's in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT
I will be on The Situation Room withfrom 5-7pm est on CNN
it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair
&amp;leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on7PM
Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump
. Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
3:00pm:
7:30pm:
RTVIDEO:announces 'a very powerful endorsement' will be coming today.
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters byof the
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Fox News Poll
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
#Trump2016
. such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
I will be onthis morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy!
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016
Video:
... You are like Superman, everywhere! But I'm keeping up.Great!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
. one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16)viaOne of his best ever
Word is that cryingleft the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy!
RTTrump +15 on Cruz in 2 weeks. Cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked Trump. DT has killed him ever since.https://t.c
LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!
just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written.
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016
#WeAreBernie will be overtaken by #WeWantTrump. We are superior and have more supporters. #makeamericagreatagain #trump.
I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View.
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals-
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump
IPSOS/REUTERS POLL
Thank you! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location atSo important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
. begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himselfa bad guy!
Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,DonaldTrump
You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
It's time we take America back! No more puppet presidents! #VoteTrump So true!
I will be onwithfrom 5-7pm est. on
Should I do the #GOPdebate?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016
Failinglost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
Just received the new Fox poll.
Thank you, America! #Trump2016
trump right again #With_Cruz_you_lose! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz #MakeAmericaGreatAgain#trump2016
RTRUMSFELD: Trump has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do. - https:/
New Fox News Poll
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016
#IACaucus
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
New National GOP Zogby Poll
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%:
Phyllis Schlaflys Eagle Forum: National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year
The only reason irrelevantdoesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
hits new heights in national poll at 41%
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
One year from today.
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
I believe in Trump!!!
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at- so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump.
I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO:
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my frienda loser- hes a winner!
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
RTTrading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned, despite what the media is try's no... htt
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks!
#MaryBrigidMcManamon, Washington Post: Constitutionally speaking, #Cruz simply isnt eligible to be president
Ted Cruz said he didn't know that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
#laurencetribe calls Cruz constitutional hypocrite on
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly.is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Bob Dole Warns of Cataclysmic Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times:
#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor, #LaurenceTribe
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years!
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
#MaryBrigidMcManamon clarified how #CommonLaw is used to interpret meaning of #NaturalBorn #TedCruz
Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists
Happy birthday to my friend, the great- a totally special guy!
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016
. Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit.
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
great ontooThank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
Thank you, New Hampshire!
#Trump2016
With your help we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #VoteTrump
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read:
New Reuters poll! Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016
Greatly dishonest ofto file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
. is a total clown. Has zero credibility!
Thank you, Florida! #Trump2016
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
. Exclusive:Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than #CBNNews #2016
Thank you! #Trump2016
Low energy candidatehas wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
After spending $89 million,is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name Bush in ads. Low energy guy!
When willgive all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that Ted Cruz must be defeated. Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
Why doeshave a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
Sad sackhas just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
. Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
So sad thatand many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday-
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight.
Video:
. please explain to the very dumb and failingthat I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE
Video:
RTI look forward to being onwithat 7:40pmET.
RTMake America Great Again! #Trump2016
Wackois a sad answer to theendorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki!
Thank you, Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
UNIFYING THE NATION
Video:
Poll: Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined.
Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3.
Palins brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower, said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan.
Thank youfor the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad:
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Truth be told, Inever heard of The National Review until they tried to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes.
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning?
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a natural born Canadian, did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN
#Trump2016 #NHPolitics
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
Trump destroyed Hillary &amp; Sanders moved in. But he didn't destroy her, Trump did.So true!
The failingNational Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
. great job onThank you for the very smart and kind words!
Great new numbers. Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
President Donald Trump (just getting used to it) Wow, very nice!
The dyingNational Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
You're the only candidate we can trust, other candidates are controlled by their donors! #VoteTrump
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now withto Tulsa- massive crowd expected!
No sleep for the #TrumpTrain!
Poor Jeb. I could've sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day!
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President. Big problem
A great morning with everyoneThank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch:
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why doesput him on?
Jusr watched#HarveyPitt on- he was great!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to thecampaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
got ass kicked bylast night-He offended every New Yorker &amp; has no answer to Natural Born issue
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016
The once great when headed byis now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
I agree with you on this.won't be good. He will be great!
. recently said that she cant be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
Thank you! #VoteTrump
Standing withas he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA
Thank you,Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right.
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
I hope all workers demand that theirreps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Dont let them sell you out!
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
New Iowa poll. Thank you!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I'm protesting thefrom having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderfulat 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!
Why does&amp;waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
. --failed strategist who can't find clients criticizes winning #TeamTrump. Stop complaining &amp; try winning
Not good news for Jeb Bush
In the just outPoll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders cant compete!
Will be on Meet the Press withtomorrow morning. Enjoy!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Thank you Michael Harrisonfor your kind words - greatly appreciated!
New CBS poll. #Trump2016
Key State Florida Poll: Trump 32% Beats #Rubio-#Bush Combined
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
Why doesw/allow a hater &amp; racist liketo waste good airtime?can do much better than him!
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem.
RTREUTERS ROLLING:TRUMP 39%, CRUZ 14.5%, BUSH 10.6%, CARSON 9.6%, RUBIO 6.7%... MORE...
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!
Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight... A fantastic evening!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse onWe love Barbara!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isnt questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who cant win.
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable!
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate.
. is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump
RTobvious to all that he raised some GREAT, responsible, patriotic kid
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on- way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN
Congratulations toof Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Fantastic job on tonight.is a winner!
Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHeraldThank you!
no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
Congratulations to my friendon winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
. Major Garrett ofcovers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it!
.Thank you Geraldo for your nice words ontonight. You are a true champion! Thank- great guy!
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Constitutional law expert#Laurence Tribe of Harvard says wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
Just found out thatis spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!
So professional ofnews to throw out the failingnewspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
. unbelievable job on #FoxNews withThat was better than I could do! #Trump2016
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
THANK YOU! #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Enjoyed watchingat his rally yesterday!I've never seen the Bay Center that packed!
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!
Great job on Fox this morningI am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
. horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU! #VoteTrump
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP
. watched onand appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
. Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real #Trump2016
Will be onwithonat 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016
Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies &amp; deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son,Very proud of you!
. of thewas terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
. was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
Dont likegolf swing.Not athletic. Ive won many club championships. Play him for charity!
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support.
Iowa key endorsement forCan't wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks! #Trump2016
bashing distinguished women journalists won't win you votesShe is 3rd rate, a total dummy!
I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!
Donald get big business back and# MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016
The crowd was HUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!
they're spending millions but you're still going to win - go Donald Trump
Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
I will be onlive,with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
Weak &amp; ineffectiveis doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
. said today onthat attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before. Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won!
I love&amp;REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial
mr trump you were excellent ontonightThank you!
Do you believe thatin NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received:
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!
If Trump doesn't win, we may not be able to recuperate America.
I will be onfor ainterview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
. is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
#VoteTrump2016 &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support!
we love u to Trump Family. God bless you.
Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realizeis the real deal!
Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Well done #Biloxi....great display of Southern pride and hospitality atevent. Fired up and ready to go!!
We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake &amp; sleep praying for you &amp; the USA!+Israel2
RTExplosive Trump attack on HRC, Bill, Monica, Cosby, and Weiner. Trump camp just upped the ante on women's rights
. Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
#Trump is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium.
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas Countyand their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
RTSo proud to be out on the campaign trail with- thanks for an amazing night #Biloxi #Trump2016
How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made #ISIS a big problem
My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !! Great!
I'm one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can't wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!
watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016, so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind I agree!
ifdoesn't win, I'm leaving this country #Trump4President
# ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls #DavidCameron 'Slave of the #WH' VideoARE YOU WELCOME NOW
#HappyNewYearAmerica!
. is a low energy stiff who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree. #trump2016Great!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!
.Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable &amp;Kingly.
I dont knowto best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercialsboring. Not a fan.
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, isfinance chairman. If Woody wouldve been w/me, he wouldve been in the playoffs, at least!
Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time.
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
I dont cheat at golf butcheatswith his game he has no choiceand stop doing commercials!
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
The failingnewspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
Wowcirculation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
Germany is going through massive attacks to its peopleby the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food &amp; for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS:
Hillary and her friends!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
Hillary said she was in a Fog of War as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!
Thank you #Biloxi, #Mississippi! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #VoteTrump2016!
Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!
This #Iowan is voting for#IACaucus. Thank you for supporting IOWA! My great honor
I have an idea forwhose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
What a year its been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!!
Thank you so much tofor naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
By the way, Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the
Al-Shabaab terror video.
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support!
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best
WOW, Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED. And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
RTISIS getting slaughtered:
Square miles liberated from ISIS
Trump: 26,000 --Obama: 13,200
Total Square miles held by
Wasjust named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching!
RT#JournalismIsDead
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Irans people are what their leaders fear the most....
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!
I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair press, now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent sources are being used more often than ever. Many stories &amp; reports a pure fiction!
Retail sales are at record numbers. Weve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you havent seen anything yet!
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, dont let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world....
Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico, Virginia.
I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you!
Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
On Taxes: This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.Report
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning!
Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks:
RT Thank you President TRUMP!!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow its back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now, we are just days away...
RTIncredible video:does a special on the GOP tax plan
The result?
Every middle class family they sat down with SA
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities...
Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp; Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
RT. historic tax cuts + doubling of the child tax credit will do infinitely more to empower working moms than liberals' p
RTWe should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price Their bravery and sacrifice allows us t
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Dont let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St Jamess &amp; a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief &amp; begging for forgiveness!
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating,just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage &amp; Russia hoax!
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of love - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
RTCongratulations to the 2017(Yankee Stadium) Champions, Iowa
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regimes corruption &amp; its squandering of the nations wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their peoples rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests
So true!
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at theyesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats &amp; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Years Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!
OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY:
On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles..
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to thenow.
More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation:
RTFor individuals and families, the final Tax Cuts &amp; Jobs Act:
lowers individual taxes
nearly doubles the standard deducti
RTA lot of tough decisions got us to this point, but were closer than weve been in 30+ years to a fairer tax code that k
Astory in thethat I was close to rescinding the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources dont exist!
Thank you Maria B!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to congratulateon having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
WEEKLY ADDRESS
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books
Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you!
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons), and they did. I also predictedI would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, Let Trump Be Trump. Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wifes campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!
When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration &amp; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
RT. What this president has done is truly historic, and if a Democrat president achieved 1/10th of what
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts &amp; more?
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
DOW, S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA
Wow, FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned, according to
At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!
RT3 big wins in 2017 you won't hear:
Trump confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a President's 1st year (all co
Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Trumans Record), Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS &amp; REFORM, Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country!
95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
So true Ivanka!
I've been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT#ThrowbackThursdays
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
. Andrew McCabe, in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp; beautiful list.
Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a Trumper, and he lost.Good Republican candidates will win BIG!
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!
#TaxCutsandJobsAct
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wages, and more JOBS!
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
RTThe Trump economy is booming. One thinghas done that has received little attention despite arguably d
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
RTArrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice.
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love.
Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets:
It was my honor. THANK YOU!
Today is a day that Ive been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before.
Now, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history...
.put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology &amp; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo!
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - A day that will live in infamy! December 7, 1941
In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room.
Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7%, the lowest ever recorded...
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I dont know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
. of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by Americas friends and foes alike:
REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be low and glum!
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americansnot for criminal aliens!
Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBORand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America.
God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay
Have a great game today,and- I will be watching.
We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service!
#ArmyNavyGame #USA
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!
Another false story, this time in the Failingthat I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the dumbest man on television! Bad Reporting.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. Hes bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns &amp; Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice &amp; peace.
RTWray needs to clean house. Now we know the politicization even worse than McCabe's ties to McAuliffe/Clinton. It also infe
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his mistake). Watch to see iffires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at theBahrain and the United States are important partners.
During the Crown Princes visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16s...
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...&amp; so much more. Look at your 401-ks since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
CNNS slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Congratulations toNews for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and papers should do the same with their Fake News!
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get whats going on. Thank you Pensacola!
Report: ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBENow it all starts to make sense!
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just ontalking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! Hes not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!
RT. has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other President.
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didnt!
Thank youLets continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office begging for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp; Crooked-USED!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross ofNews (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
RTPresident Trump proclaims today as #WorldAIDSDay:
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of Californias wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work!
You are always there for usTHE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.
Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem...
RT. is the Paycheck President. Learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket &amp; how to contact
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco!
RTJerusalem Embassy Act of 95 (Senate vote 93-5 &amp; I voted for it) states embassy should be in Jerusalem by 5/31/99. For 1
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks toMitch McConnell and Chairmanfor shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas!
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor,Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD!
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE onin 10 minutes! #MAGA
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utahs MAGNIFICENT Capitol.
It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI agents role in Clinton probe under review. Led Clinton Email probe. Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, &amp; prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, &amp; no goal beyond our reach.
We are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators &amp; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard, dream big, &amp; who never, ever give up...
RT#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join me live from thevia #Periscope
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginningthe dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY AND PRIDE!
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the LatestOutlook Survey
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!
#DOW24K #MAGA
This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!
MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at thein honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We cant have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
Tonight,Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkah
RTThe Trump effect: The U.S. economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade -WSJ
RTBREAKING: top FBI investigator for Mueller--PETER STRZOK--busted sending political text messages bashing Trump &amp; praising
If last nights election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-growing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, &amp; devastated entire industries.
Great job First Lady Melania!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY! Congratulations!
On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA
RTTime lapse video of the border wall prototypes, when they were being built in San Diego. Next phase underway: testing and ev
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:
The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of allthe gift of Gods love for all of humanity.
Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life...
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday interrogation with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
Many people in our Country are asking what the Justice Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails? No justice!
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Departingfor St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.
A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!
Marshawn Lynch of the NFLs Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Two great people!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RTThank you for the warm welcome. Im excited to be in Hyderabad, India for #GES2017.
The Failinghas totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
RTFar right? You mean right so far, as inhas been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey &amp; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.
Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITYand RECLAIM AMERICAS DESTINY.
But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTSand bring Main Street roaring back to life!
RTHad a wonderful visit fromchildren today at the#WhiteHouseChristmas
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW!
A great guy (with great ratings)!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. Emails endangered National Security. Why arent our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp; corrupt?
The Failingthe pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.Analysts predict economic boom for 2018! and
RT#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just cant stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Theis conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved.
The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RTBOOM! Thank you, Mr President. Trophy-hunting is repellent.
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.
Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear!
Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the
#NCAAChampionsPhotos:
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room withMitch McConnell,and Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis.
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
Had the information (Crooked Hillarys emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security....
Charles McCullough
Fmr Intel Comm Inspector General
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!
...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. Its a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named Man (Person) of the Year, like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
. is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
President Donald J. Trump andMelania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
RTThe decorations are up!is ready to celebrate! Wishing you a Merry Christmas &amp; joyous holiday season!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lacks past!
This week, the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY!
Great work Ivanka!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
RT#HappyThanksgiving fromand#soldiers serving with Task Force Marauder in #Afghanistan.https
The only people who dont like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that dont understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasnt enough. Cant let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
RTIt was an honor to meet with you Prime Minister Modi. Thank you for co-hosting the 8th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summ
HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
. dont focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!
Meeting with Chuck and Nancy today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I dont see a deal!
Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that if you run, you will win. She would tell everyone that, no doubt, he will win. I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
It wasnt the White House, it wasnt the State Department, it wasnt father LaVars so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor mans version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. Thats almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
RT#GES2017 highlights the important role of women #entrepreneurs &amp; demonstrates the importance of #innovation &amp; partnershi
ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal &amp; Replace right after Tax Cuts!
Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Dow, S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of theat the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today!
#HappyThanksgiving
The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000...
Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobblers Rest...
Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
RTPreparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the
. we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on mike saying bad things about your favorite President. Hell be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is toast.
RTHad a wonderful meeting withadvisor toand leader of the US delegation at thehttps://t.c
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, even I didnt realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you.
RTToday, andMelania visit theat the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florid
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journalabout what a complete disaster thehas been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
Thank you Rand!
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss!
RTThank you- this is important to so many of us
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts!
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!
A great day to support your community and Americas JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? .....
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Votetoday!
RT20,295 miles later #POTUSinAsia has successfully concluded as lands on the South Lawn of
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, &amp; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments...
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China.
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country!
Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
I will be making a major statement from theupon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
RTUnemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Mark
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me old, when I would NEVER call him short and fat? Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong...
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
I dont blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
RTThank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and
Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the
A day
Thank you!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China!Melania and I will never forget it!
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now.
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
Join me LIVE in South Korea
#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia
. will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy.
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Congratulations to all of the DEPLORABLES and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory!
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!
RTSean Hannity's Big Week - Top Ratings, Probing Reporting, and Let There Be Light at American Thinkerh
On behalf ofMelania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettableafternoon and eveningat theForbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning!
I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} Were getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....
....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
. will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!
Franklin, such a great photo.
HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father,
President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display!
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been milking their country for years!
While in the Philippines I was forced to watchwhich I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered.
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
#USA #Japan
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam.Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Thank you, working hard!
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US.
The failinghates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer.
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Dont forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people!
Great to seelooking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea.
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13, and many other gangs...
'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown'
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failingis when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. We can do this!
RT
https://t.
Thank you!
The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength!
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe.
Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free &amp; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign &amp; independent nations, w/diverse cultures &amp; many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side.
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsActa big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year!
Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. Hes weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment....
On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!
#USMC242 #SemperFi
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say were in the 30s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love.
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally!
Congratulations to the Houston2017 #WorldSeries Champions#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks
RTTouched by the warm hospitality of Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people.[Thank you]! Until next time
Thank you
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....
Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the
Today, we are thrilled to welcomeCEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQs from Singapore back to the U.S.A.....
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
Happy birthday to the greatYou and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000 Read more:
I will be interviewed byonat 10:00. Enjoy!
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
U.S. COAL PRODUCTION
Up7.8% past year.
Down31.5% last 10 years.
#EndingWarOnCoal
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and
Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the
A day Ill never forget.
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August Read more:
....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
I am landing shortly. Cant wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon!
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
RTWe're working to make tax cuts &amp; the expanded Child Tax Credit a reality for American families. The time is now! #TaxRefor
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).
....People are angry.At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
Happy birthday toa truly great Champion and Person!
Thank you
Theopening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was their soldier. .....
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he...
WHAT HAPPENED
How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia
NOW WE KNOW!
Just spoke withandde Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
All of this Russia talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...collusion, which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's...
Thanks toMcConnell and thewe are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Happy Birthday
#FlashbackFriday
#JFKFiles
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing.
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems..
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????
...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE!
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the Diversity Visa Lottery Program, a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 24/7/365!
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visitupon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/now.
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security.
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
. Chris Wallace: More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP
Great mtg w/today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person!
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!
#Halloween2017
Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS much harder over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
#NYCStrong #USA
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill
Great job by MichaelCaputo on
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones.
....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
I agree getting Tax Cuts approvedis important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
Together, we will Make America Great Again!
#AmericaFirst
Just out, but lightly reported: Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market Lowest since March 1973.
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform
Read more:
Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!
ISIS is losing its grip...
Army Colonel Ryan Dillon
CJTFOIR
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
. Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation
People get what is going on!
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to thetoday. #TaxReform
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
Interview withcoming up at 7pmE onEnjoy!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day Read more:
Congratulations toand to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on- ENJOY!
Thank youReally great job and show!
Big ratings getterand Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
Texas&amp; Lt. Gov.
Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work!
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
Thank youThis is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry &amp; renew the AMERICAN DREAM!
Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation.
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade, two very important subjects!
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD.
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today!
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working.
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business &amp; JOBS
...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded!
. &amp;
Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA
It was great to have Governorof #PuertoRicowith us at thetoday. We are with you! #PRStrong
RTWorking families need #TaxReform &amp; the time is now. This Administration is committed to ensuring all Americans can thrive
Officials behind the now discredited Dossier plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today:
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse.
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
Congrats toPriebus, a really good and talented man. Were proud of you Reince!
BORDER WALL prototypes underway!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
RTHes done more in 9 months then obama did in8 yrs
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
Great news on the 2018 budgetMcConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out. Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Just out report: United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror. Not good, we must keep America safe!
46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp; his Administration.It is actually much worse than this!
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....
The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exoneratingCrooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
RTBOOM!!Tick Tock
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
WOW!
Big news - Budget just passed!
20,00021,00022,000 23,000this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year...
#Dow23K #MAGA
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
RTFox News With Hannity's Help Regains Its Ratings Dominance By Peter Barry Chowka at The Hagmann report
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More:
Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law.
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA
Great book just out, A Place Called Heaven, by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President.
. Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders andteam. We support you!
I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Will be another Sean success!
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may beandFiction writers!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!
Keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC &amp; CBS?
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.No leadership in NFL!
Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits..
Amb.
RTTUNE IN: Maria Bartiromo Has an Exclusive Interview With President Trump
Just interviewed byWill be aired tonight at 7pmE on#Dobbs
Today, it was an honor to have
Secretary-Generalat theSpeaking for the U.S.A., we appreciate all you do!
Thank you Agree!
Good luck toon her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
RT
RT. is fighting to grow the economy &amp; cut taxes! Hes fighting for a safer VA. And hes is fighting for affordab
I will be interviewed tonight onbyat 9pmE. Enjoy!
. is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag.Stand for Anthem or sit for game!
#LasVegasStrong #USA
...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice!
RTTrust in the media is at the lowest level in all of U.S. history. The American people see throu
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH withtoday!
RT Strong administration leads to a strong response.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
Will be joiningtonight at 8pmE onEnjoy!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's.... Really good book!
Clips from tax speech andonnow. Have a great day!
RTTONIGHT on Justice,talks to special guestsand- Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channe
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
Joiningtonight at 9pmE onEnjoy!
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune.
Dems must get smart &amp; deal!
With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have tanked, in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, I hope so!
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
RTA free press is vital to protecting all Americans. A corrupt press damages the Republic.
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
RT. and I look forward to being ontonight at 9pm!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainhttps://t
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regimes hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon.
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
Happy #NationalFarmersDay!
#WeeklyAddress
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said NO THANKS. He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out!
Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings
#Dow23K
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S.
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport!
RT. stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in 85 years
RTWe are heading to Virginia. Looking forward to supporting my friendHe will make a great Governor for the Co
Fakemade up a story that I wanted a tenfold increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
Thanks for your support!
In America, we don't worship government - we worship God.
#ValuesVotersSummit
...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004
RTU.S. MARKETS FROM ELECTION DAY {Since 11/8/2016}
Senator Bob Corker begged me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said NO and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women
#242NavyBday
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews)is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even
In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love. #USA
Such a wonderful statement from the greatWe take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history.
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
The Failingset Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with!
Our great team atis prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe!
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania!
#TaxReform #USA
Nobody could have done what Ive done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work!
I askedPence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him andKaren.
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, &amp; that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sundays tragedy.
RTIt is NOT a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election.
Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....
The Failingin a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast....
...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
RTI will be interviewed tonight onbyat 9pmE. Enjoy!
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military &amp; the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA!
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
RTConsumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
The trip byPence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!
RTMore and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters..... Thank you!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
RTGlobal fund championed by Ivanka Trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations
RT3/4: This Administration is deeply committed to those who serve &amp; their families who make it possible through their love a
It is a miracle how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers.
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night.
To the people of Puerto Rico:
Do not believe the #FakeNews!
#PRStrong
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
RT. andmeet w/ some of America's finest on the USS Kearsarge off the coast of PR.
RTTonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in America today. We will name names. 9 est Hannity Fox
Thestory has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson andPence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year.
......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter!
#PRStrong
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military &amp; all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
FEMA &amp; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food &amp; water delivered. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Locals trying....
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said great job!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need.
...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
Congratulations to #TeamUSAon your greatvictory!
RTPOTUS'on Hurricane Response Efforts in #PuertoRico on Instagram, part of 9/29/17 Weekly Address.
https://
RT#USNSComfort en route to #PuertoRico, from Norfolk, Virginia to support Hurricane Maria relief efforts.
RT #AirForce relief efforts in #PuertoRico &amp; #VirginIslands
RTHannity crushing MSNBC at 9. Good for him! Check the No Spin News onKilling England a huge bests
RTTUNE IN:joinsTONIGHT at 9p ET onChannel! #Hannityat9
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
RT. &amp;w/Officer Cook, 2nd day on job, received gunshot wound to the right chest &amp; right arm, saving live
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!
...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
RTGeraldo Blasts 'Fake News' Reports About Trump's Visit to Puerto Rico
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out byLow news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
RTFNC dominated ratings last night. MSNBC-disaster demonstrating folks don't trust the network.toni
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem
RTCongratulationsLooking forward to being on the show tonight at 9pmETHannity beats Maddow - POLITICO https:/
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very unfunny &amp; repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed &amp; grow TOGETHERas one team, one people, &amp; one American family. #TaxReform
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done byand First Responders.
RTThank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need. #PuertoRico #HurricaneMaria ht
RTPres. Trump: We cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror.
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RTVIDEO: Elements of the #DoD andare providing humanitarian relief for #PuertoRico and #USVI.
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank youAn honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor&amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects withMelania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
Welcome back
#TeamScalise
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
RT.in the Oval Office w/senior U.S. military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the President &amp; First L
Join me for my #WeeklyAddress
RT#StockAlert: U.S. markets since the election
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nations classrooms with the jobs of the future.
RT.andMelania visit withpatient Tiffany Huizarin Las Vegas earlier today. #VegasStron
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......
RTUnder POTUS'
S&amp;P 500 38thRecord High
NASDAQ 44thRecord High
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
RT#AmericaFirst-The Middle Class &amp; businesses will benefit fromhistoric tax revolution. #Dobbs #MAGA
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
RTThank youfor all the help you are providing for Puerto Rico. Were are grateful and happy to welcome y
RTManufacturer Optimism Hits Record High After #TaxReform Plan Revealed
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
RT. crews worked together with the and members of local #police, #fire and #government to distribut
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to get Trump. Not fair to FR or effort!
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities.Vote Ed Gillespie!
RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp; P 500!
So proud ofMilitary, and First Responders! Thank you!
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
RTThe Trump Inaugural Committee is donating $3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes.
RTThank you to all who participated in today's discussion on opioid abuse. By talking about it, we can start to make a real diffe
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
My Administration, Governorand many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB!
Thank you!
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in theIt discusses the enthusiasm of Trump voters through campaign....
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA
#StandForOurAnthem
Thank you to our wonderful teamand their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as the Republican who saved ObamaCare.
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
RT Thank youfor believing in Us like we believed in you! #MAGA
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp; Replace and some Senators not there.
It was an honor to welcome Presidentof Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime.
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.
Stay tuned! #UNGA
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year.
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
Very proud of our incredible First Lady ( She is a truly great representative for our country!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a moment of courage. Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp;management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff!
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
RT You can boycott our anthem
WE CAN BOYCOTT YOU!
#NFL #MAGA
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!
Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Thank you - great show!
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.
#StandForOurAnthem
RTNFLplayer PatTillman joined U.S. Army in 2002. He was killed in action 2004. He fought 4our country/freedom. #StandForOurAnt
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
. is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace. Let Arizona down!
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month.
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA
RT It is the height of hypocrisy. Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
America's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico &amp; the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
RTBriefed in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response &amp; commitment to o
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Great interview onwith the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Governor
We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
The world is noticing, thanks!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today.
RT. #TRUMP &amp;
When ALL seemed HOPELESS...YOU brought HOPE!
You INSPIRE us ALL!
#MAGA #Harvey#USA
Heading over to theto meet with Ambassadorand all of her great representatives! #USA
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media screaming for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp; his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace.
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
RTThese are the 10 most Tweeted about world leaders during the first day of #UNGA General Debate
RTJoin me in praying forHe reminded the world, If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting Big Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!
#USAatUNGA#UNGA
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like Big Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders &amp; trade, loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday!
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo.
RT I wonder what this BRAVE American would give to stand on his OWN two legs just ONCE MORE for our #Anthem?
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News,&amp;were anti-Trump. Collusion?
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
RTWent to the Senate today to say&amp; I fully support Graham-Cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare. Let's get this done. http
Thank you!
RT
#NeverForget
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to theThe American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
Thehas great strength &amp; patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo.
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the DEPLORABLES.
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials!
RT#WeThePeople
#USAatUNGA #UNGA
RTThis is the #NYTimes. Can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them?
RTPlease stay safe #Florida! You are in our thoughts and we are praying for you!
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.
#USAatUNGA#UNGA
The true question for the
Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son, Eric Luke Trump this morning!
RTMaking America Great Again-After #Irmais focused on saving lives, not swamp shenanigans. #Dobbs #MA
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.
RTHurricane force winds hit Florida Keys. 390 shelters have been opened in Florida. Shelters near you
Heed the advice of
If you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left. Gov. Scott
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
RTContinue to notify us of US citizens overseas impacted by #HurricaneIrma &amp; #HurricaneJose.https://t
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
My great honor!
RT Donald Trump's amazing golf swing #CrookedHillary
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. Big Luther is a great guy who gets things done!
RT To my dear friend, please know we all love you, will be here for you and your family.
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
#USAatUNGA #UNGA
We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. Im proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.
Proclamation:
Thank you!
RTWhat Is Trump worth to Twitter? One analyst estimates $2 billion
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!
RTMany supported NYers when Sandy hit. Now our NY Task Force-1 can be there to help others during Harvey &amp; #HurricaneIrma. Here
RTSeriousmeeting today, called byat Camp David. Reports on #Irma's track, potential impact, fed &amp; state
The deplorables came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
It was a great honor to be with Presidentof France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA
A message to my fellow Americans#IrmaHurricane2017
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst#UNGA
Full remarks:
RT
This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storms path to heed ALL instructions from government officials.
RTI have long respected India's accomplished and charismatic Foreign Ministerand it was an honor to meet her
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PMjoin us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA
RTFlorida Governor Rick#HurricaineIrma
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people...
RT
Happy 70th Birthday
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
RT
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
RTThe travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be
RTLove and prayers for friends Adrienne &amp; Eric Bolling.
May Eric Chase know eternal peace.
We commend SG&amp; his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA
RTThe Iran deal was one of the worst &amp; most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into.
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
Frank FX Giaccio-
On behalf ofMelania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning!gives you an A+!
FLORIDA-
Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, &amp; REBUILD!
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911
Happy 70th Birthday
FLORIDA-
Visitto find shelters, road closures, &amp; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list:
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA
RTLoser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must
RTGreat pic from a friend on who have been helping with #harvey recovery and now with #irma. T
So nice, thank you!
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Ministershortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to thetoday!
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
RT Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great. He's the only person who can! H
WEEKLY ADDRESS
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!
Emergency Information
1-800-342-3557
Volunteer
1-800-FL-HELP-1
Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack....
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont:
RT.andSecretary-Generalpose forprior to their expanded bilateral meeting. #USA
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
On behalf ofMelania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist &amp;
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov.Lt. Gov.&amp;
RTAll Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visitingfor critical updates on #Hurric
Leaving now for Texas!
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
RTYour boss pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans. Spar
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
RT Make no mistake, we are going to put the interest of AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST!
The forgotten men &amp; w
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless livesthey represent the very best of America!
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies..
Thank you, our great honor!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
RT
RTOur Mobile Vet Center set up and ready to help #Veterans impacted by #HurricaneHarvey in Corpus Christi.
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials.
Big week coming up!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
RTTo ensure your safety ahead of #Harvey heed warnings from local officials &amp; review important safety information. https://t.c
RTFinally, as if by accident, thebreaks down &amp; admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht
. We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government.
RTThe current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers and harmful to American job-creators. Learn more:
RTTrump just won on law &amp; order and now he's delivering the goods. - #thefive
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
RT. on Harvey recovery: We hope when it comes to basic Hurricane Harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis
Welcome to theAmir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon:
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the Andeavor Refinery.
Full remarks:
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD!
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth..
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe.
Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, &amp; REBUILD!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
RT. I want to work with Congress, Republicans, and Democrats on a plan that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, and pro-Amer
RT'Trump as Commander in Chief, Making the Hard Decisions' by LTG (Ret) Kellogg, a highly decorated Vietnam War Vet: https://
RT. is committed to the health &amp; well-being of the US people &amp; we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeo
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
RT. This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda.
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE!
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rossell of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from ActingSecretary Elaine Duke, and COS John Kelly.
RTPresident Trump greeting families affected by Hurricane Harvey. #TexasStrong
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
RT
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/#LEOs &amp; the #CajunNavy!
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
I have spoken w/of Texas andEdwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed.
Departing for Texas and Louisiana withMelania right nowWe will see you soon. America is with you!
Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!
GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USA
RTThoughts and prayers for those in Texas &amp; Louisiana. I am closely monitoring #Harvey developments along with&amp;
Major rescue operations underway!
RTThanks to the Texas National Guard for their help to rescue flooded Texans. #HurricaneHarvey
We want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities &amp; towns! #USA
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'
RT Love our
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay!
. - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
RTNo color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended!
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas!
RTWe must reform our tax code so that all Americans can succeed in our modern economy &amp; achieve the American Dream! #TaxRefo
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you!
RTHistoric flooding is still ongoing across the area. If evacuated, please DO NOT return home until authorities indicate it i
RT#PhotosFromTheField: Aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today. #Harvey #TMDHarvey
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
RT
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA
Tickets:
I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
RT I spoke to a group of influential CA GOPers tonight, long time activists, bundlers, influencers. Support f
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
My thoughts and prayers are with theand their loved ones. We are with you!
#LESM
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in theaboard the#USSJohnSMcCain, and their families.
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona &amp; around the United States!
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont:
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by
RTGood #AfghanStrategy &amp; excellent speech bylaying it out to the nation.
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
RTMeanwhile: 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend, 9 deaths. No national media outrage. Why is that?
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp; we will heal, &amp; be stronger than ever before!
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice ateven better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. God Bless America.
RT President Trump alone has succeeded in bringing the Stock Market, Small Business Index and Consumer Comfor
RTFOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia.
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT#NeverTrumpers elite MSMers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves thatsupporters are deserting.
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
RTHonored to speak at the RNC Summer Meeting in Nashville Tennessee this evening!#MAGA https://t.c
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic onThe Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Nick Adams, Retaking AmericaBest things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever.
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp; border!
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at theAir Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be onat 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
RT. Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the
Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA
As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead.
On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men &amp; women of&amp;Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect &amp; cherish you!
..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
RTWatching MSM you would have no ideaclearly, unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the bigotry &amp; violence in Ch
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists......
Address to the Nation
Full Video &amp; Transcript:
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets!
RTSec. Mattis: If North Korea fires missile at US, it's 'game on'
RTSpoke with Pres. Trump &amp; heads of Homeland Security &amp; FEMA. They're helping Texas respond to #HurricaneHarvey. https://t
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally
RTThanks for watching!!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong, we love you!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at:
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ oursailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway.
According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control!
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at:
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!
THANK YOUfor following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks:
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017
Congratulations John!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare!
Thank you Nicole!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
RT. Trump Has 'More Credibility' Than Obama With North Korea
Great work being done by w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future!
. will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting womens entrepreneurship globally.
#GES2017
RTThe Administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce. Thanks Kim for sharing your story! https:
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able.
RT We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first. Thank you, President Tru
RTU.S. Air Force jets take off from Guam for training, ensuring they can 'fight tonight'
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
RTU.S. job openings surge to recordvia
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had excessive expectations, but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace, why not done?
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
RTFrance vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst
RT being unpredictable is a big asset, North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do.-
RTFOX NEWS ALERT: North Korea responds to U.S. with Guam attack plan as Secretary Mattis warns Kim Jung Un he is grossly
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace, Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
RTU.S. spy satellites detect North Korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat
Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism via Bloomberg
RT. There will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a Trump family member
RTEmails show Washington Post, New York Times reporters unenthusiastic about covering Clinton-Lynch meeting
Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
RTSenators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on Trump
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST.
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
RTWho is a better President of the United States? #ObamaDay
RTMedia bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report.- #thefive
RT We won. Move on.
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation busting to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform!
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey:
RTThe DOJ is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in Charlottesville
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
RTMore than 1 million jobs added sincetook office.
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men
RTSinceinauguration, over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American economy! #MAGA
The Trump base is far bigger &amp;stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp; WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
RTOur thoughts &amp; prayers are with the families, friends &amp; colleagues of #Virginia'sLt Cullen &amp; Tpr Bates #Charlot
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are....
After many years of failure,countries are coming together tofinally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!
RTMillions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
. Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!
We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
The failingwhich has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
RTWhat's a high priced Clinton attorney doing representing a low level IT staffer for the Democrats?
- on t
RTOPIOID CRISIS: Worse than we thought, with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported
RT Republican Senators who are opposing the President, look at the great economic news: Americans Are Noticing!
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was aphony Vietnam con artist!
No matter the mission, the brave men &amp; women of ourproudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227
RTPresident Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with fire &amp; fury in a warning to the rogue nation ht
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey.
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy &amp; jobs,border &amp; military security,ISIS &amp; MS-13 etc.
RTFOX NEWS ALERT: 2 US drone strikes in Somalia target Al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab
RTCome on America. Get on the Trump Train. The winners already have boarded! The losers are w
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
RTOur country &amp; civilians are vulnerable today becausedid not believe in national missile defense. Lets nev
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
RTAnthem announces it will withdraw from ObamaCare Exchange in Nevada
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.
#Charlottesville
RTJobs added duringtime in office.
RTTrump fires new warning shot at McConnell, leaves door open on whether he should step down
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows!
RTTrump vows U.S. 'power' will meet North Korean threat
#GodBlessTheUSA
RTGuam Governor To Trump: Ive Never Felt Safer Than With You At The Helm
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
RT#BreakingNews: U.S. employers added 209,000 jobs in July, unemployment rate down to 4.3% #JobsReport
RT#USAF B-1B Lancer #bombers on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFKs #FightTonight mission if called upon to do so https://
RTI've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place.
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now. Thank you Stuart VarneyJobs are starting to roar,watch!
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!
Read more and watch here:
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Thank you tofor giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA
Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand.
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at:
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving#TeamScalise
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action!
So many stories about me in theare Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challengedLobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow.
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
RTABC, NBC, And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Office
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES!
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia.
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks:
Wow, the Failingsaid about....the most powerful T.V. show in America.
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch:#RAISEAct
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
#FlashbackFriday #MS13
I love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerouslow. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military &amp; low oil prices. Witch Hunt!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening!
One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with and
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into Russia, spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.
If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
America's Labor Market Continues to Boom JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay:
See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tickets:
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines &amp; more.
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - quietly working to boost Clinton. So where is the investigation A.G.
. you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio withMelania!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA
Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome
#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your lifeand LOVE &amp; CHERISH your country!
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
...about then candidate Trump. Catherine HerridgeSo why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
RTInsurers seeking huge premium hikes on ObamaCare plans
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes....
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
....Transgender individuals toserve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare!
Remarks:
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
Senatorof the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
After seven years of talking Repeal &amp; Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
A great day at the White House!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
RT. praises President Trump for making gang eradication a priority
RT The #MAGA great again movement is WINNING, and the left-wing media can't stand it!
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
Today, Iannounced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, &amp; OUR FREEDOM!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA
I am at the #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership ofMcConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. Theycan't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct!
Departing The Pentagon after meetings withPence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA
. states Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump.
Great evening with President&amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever.
RTHRC mishandles and destroys classified info-NO PROBLEM! Pay/play on Uranium one NO PROBLEM! Lynch BC tarmac: it's a matte
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:
Keep the watch
Protect her
Defend her
LOVE HER
Good Luck &amp; Godspeed!
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress
Great conversations with Presidentand his representatives on trade, military and security.
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017#USWomensOpen
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
Remember, when you hear the words sources say from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!
#USSGeraldRFord #USA
Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck &amp; Pfizer:
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
My son, Donald, will be interviewed bytonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror.
RTGetting the job done! Sen. Mitch McConnell delays August recess to work on health care bill
RTHead of the NYPD union slams Mayor de Blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop Miosotis Familia
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER. -Stuart
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
RTSEN. CRUZ: It's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed. We should work every day until it is don
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
RT. The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've failed to represent ha
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at theIf it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA
Great bilateral meetings at lyse Palace w/ PresidentThe friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable.
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with PresidentA lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the#HonorThem
Remarks:
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
#MadeInAmerica
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the
#USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.
RTReport accuses material James Comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information
President
Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. #AmericaFirst
ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed.
RTOnly now with a #RealPresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by #Obama and the #Democrat cabal.
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on itand the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world.#USSGeraldRFord
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return!
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon.
President
Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is sick. All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The women played great today at the#USWomensOpen I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round!
Manufacturers record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!
#USA
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act!
RTWhite House calls out Senate Democrats for obstructing nominees
RT. onmeeting with Russian attorney: I believe Don Jr. is the victim here. #TheFive https://t.c
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
. Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of themembers of the U.S. Military and their families.
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
RTU.S. Markets since election.
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
RT. Comey went silent when I asked him about his memos, which raised a lot of eyebrows.
RTFOX NEWS ALERT: U.S. flexes its defense muscles, destroys incoming test missile off coast of Alaska
I will be at the#USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
Big wins against ISIS!
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.Norfolk, Va.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just landed in Paris, France withMelania.
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left Chinas President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea.
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.
#G20Summit #USA
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.
RTWith a strong candidate in&amp;revolutionary data program, Republicans carried WI for 1st time in 30 years
https://t.
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelical friends. See you soon!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Thank you!
Trumps Defining Speech
WSJ Editorial:
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely with....
Statement on House Passage of Kates Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.
My use of social media is not Presidential - its MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
On behalf ofMelania and myself, thank you Poland!
#ICYMI, watch here#POTUSinPoland
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
#ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Ministerto the WH. Full Remarks:
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in defense of our country.
I heard poorly ratedspeaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world.
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true energy REVOLUTION.
Watched low ratedfor first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
The failingwrites false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
RTPresident Trump officially nominates former Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray to head the FBI
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Join me LIVE withand
#UnleashingAmericanEnergy
We will fight the #FakeNews with you!
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, businesses, &amp; automakers.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up.
Thank youvery kind!
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unitdoesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,&amp; did!
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety first! #SaveAmericanLives
Weekly Address #KatesLaw
#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
Statement:
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland
Word is thatVan Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at&amp;because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
For years, even as a civilian, I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American space leadership!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing&amp;They are all Fake News!
Mattis Says Trumps Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA
RTAnother Dem 'queasy' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case
When it comes to the future of Americas energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT. #EnergyWeek
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago to thethis afternoon. Congratulations!
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
From my first day in office, weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks:
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills:
#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
#KatesLaw
Pass these bills &amp; lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border &amp; so much else!
The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
#KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives
RTHAPPENING TODAY: House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kates Law' and 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act' https://
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea.
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
#HappyIndependenceDay
#July4 #USA
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #AmericaFirst
America's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, &amp; GOOD defeating EVIL!
USA
I am extremely pleased to see thathas finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more:
Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists.#G20Summit
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
RTHannity: Russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on Democrats
RT When Obama was President, the #MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new a
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
RTGood morning friends!The Swamp out today.President Trump has a copy... get yours here#maga
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unitso that election hacking, &amp; many other negative things, will be guarded..
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend#Canada150
Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise to our #AmericanHeroes!
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video:
Obama Administration official said they choked when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba
Memorandum
Great news! #MAGA
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction?
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
RTHappy Father's Day!
RT#Hannity Starts in 30 minutes withand my monologue on the Deep States allies in the media
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
RT#Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has failed the American
As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues.
Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
FromBombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election.Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba
Video:
Transcript:
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
RTTodaywill welcome the Prime Minister of India,to the White House.
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to thetoday withPence.
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was my great honor to welcome President&amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
WEEKLY ADDRESS
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!#MAGA
After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my collusion with the Russians,nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
RT. :told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring #OttoWarmbier home
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
. &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition.
...whether there are tapes or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
Thank youHuge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election.
Will be onEnjoy!
We're all thinking of you#TeamScalise
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on Russia, with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
RTHappy Father's Day to all dads. My dad. Like father, like son,supporters to the end. He an Airborne Ra
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero tapes of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek atw/&amp;
Remarks:
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, &amp; WIN!
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement:
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
RT
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
...and did not want to rock the boat. He didn't choke, he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote R
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
RTPOTUS the predictor? President Trump foretold housing upswing in 2012
RTThe Media Says:The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia.
Well, Why Don't the Media Take Their Own Advice &amp; S
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families.
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
RTNew Poll ShowsApproval at 50 Percent
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
The passage of theAccountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I look forward to signing it!
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for their assistance.
#CongressionalBaseballGame
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
RTMark Levin: The collusion is among the Democrats
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia.
RTWhat's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our it's an assault on the American people
RT. I want to Get to a 'Yes' Vote:
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
RTFACT: when #Obamacare was signed, CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017. They were off by 100%. Only 10.3M people
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA
RTNot surprising at all!
Father Of Otto Warmbier: Obama Admin Told Us To Keep Quiet, Trump Admin Brought Him Homehttps
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!
.Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
Great reporting byand so many others. Thank you!
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
RTPresident Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American companies and American wor
RT Liberals have an agenda and it's not in America's best interest. Keep fighting the good fight! We stand with
RTOur President is choosing to put American jobs, American consumers, American energy, and American industry first.
RT#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
Congratulations to the 2016Tigers!
Full ceremony:
#NationalChampions
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
An honor to join theCoalition yesterday. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God. #FaithandFreedom
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
RTSen. Ted Cruz: Trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for Democrats and Republicans
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Great meeting withandleaders, including &amp;#USA
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC.
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay #Heroes
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We cant tolerate substandard care for our vets.
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
RTPromise kept.exits flawed #ParisAccord to seek better deal for U.S. workers &amp; economy. This WH will always put #Ameri
RT. made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States.
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to theInfrastructure Summit. #InfrastructureWeek
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
Join me live at the
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is no reason to be alarmed!
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting. #OrlandoUnitedDay
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!
. decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best!
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
The big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
RTYesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any
RTComing up at 720a ET onSee you there!#maga
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
Finally held our first fullmeeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and bring real change to D.C.
#WeeklyAddress
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, &amp; yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY Ohio! #InfrastructureWeek
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
Who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe ???Enjoy!
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
RTPresident Trump pays respects anddelivers #MemorialDay remarks at Arlington National Cemetery.
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector...
RTWe should stop talking about obstruction of justice. No plausible case. We must distinguish crimes from pol sins https://t.c
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!
...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan... Witch Hunt!
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at:
The Democrats have no message,not on economics, not on taxes,not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations!
'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania'
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be ontomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.The White House Rose Garden.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!
RT. Chances of impeachment went from 3% to 0% with Comey's testimony
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
RTWall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyn Xun Phc to thethis afternoon.
Ivanka onnow!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
RTFOX NEWS ALERT: ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne, Australia that killed 1 person and injured 3
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
RTFears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on London Bridge...
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Time to start building in our country, with American workers &amp; with American iron, aluminum &amp; steel. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek
RTI support President Trumps desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
RTJared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting, source says
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative
Watch
Today,hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hello, &amp; introduce Melania!
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek
Proclamation
#ThankACop #LESM
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and
#PoliceWeek Proclamation:
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....
Congratulations toon his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
The Roger Stone report onis false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
RTThank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients &amp; getting a tour. #Brussels
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
#WeeklyAddress
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon!
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to thetoday withMike Pence.
RTPM Benjamin Netanyahu atweekly Cabinet meeting:
In two weeks, Israel will hostTrump on his first trip as President
RT. I'm not against the media. I'm against the FAKE media. #CashinIn
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
I look forward to reading the232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
....we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field.
#WeeklyAddress
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
RTI thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I votedI
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoan, to thetoday!
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
I was thrilled to be backCongratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it.
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES! #ArmedForcesDay
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at theCONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service.
#NationalPoliceWeek
Watch:
WishingMelania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends!
Happy #MothersDay
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo Klimkin.
#LetsMakePeace!
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
Prime Ministerandon behalf ofMelania and myself, thank you for the invitation to join you today!
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. Richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE in our world.
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! #NationalTeachersDay
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Will be interviewed byonat 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism.
RT10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR'S WATCH...
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
#DrainTheSwamp
On behalf ofMelania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella. #G7Taormina
RTI had a wonderful time with the students at the American International School #Riyadh today. #SaudiaArabia
RTMEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY; TOPS AFGHAN, IRAQ...
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April'
'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Just arrived in Taormina withMelania.
#G7Summit #USA
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Ministerand
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer. Then acts so indignant.#draintheswamp
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch:
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is no evidence of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
We finally agree on something Rosie.
James Comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit
Replay
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.
#NATOMeeting #NATO
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!
Joint Press Conf
Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
#POTUSAbroad #USA
RTEver Stronger
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE:
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp; great optimism!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to ourMelania!
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Presidential Memorandum for the re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:
. just stated that President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential historyThank you Lou!
An honor to welcome PM of Australia,to America &amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation:#ICYMI- My statement last night at the
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Join me in congratulating by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
WELCOME HOME, AYA!
#GodBlessTheUSA
Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act'
. Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina Presidentand First Lady Juliana Awada to thetoday
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.
EO1:
EO2:
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Democrats used to support border securitynow they want illegals to pour through our borders.
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this judge shopping! Messy system.
I will be interviewed onthis morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
RTFormer President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she was troubled by that http
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Death spiral!
'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'
#WeeklyAddress
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
RT.: #Dems Don't Really Believe #Trump Is a Pawn of #Russia - That's Just Their Political Tool
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!
#BuildTheWall
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare. Make no mistake about it.
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation.
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
RT. Jared Kushner, &amp; Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w/ Aya &amp; her brother Basel.
#W
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida.
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons!
Watch:
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Proud offor her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20!
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'
Executive Order:
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first tour of the WH Residence.
Congratulations toon its unbelievable ratings hike.
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens'
Executive Order:
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year from each State &amp; territory!
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference:
RTIsraeli PM Netanyahu praises U.S. policy changes during meeting with Defense. Sec Mattis
I will be interviewed byontonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
RTChicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds, plus give them access to city services
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down ObamaCare lie.
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in ...
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
RT100 days ago a new message, leader, &amp; movement took the Oval Office! A government FOR the people BY the people. This is
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted byPence andSecretaryat thetoday.
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance.
Full remarks:
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good shutdown in September to fix mess!
RTPresident Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today, the National Day of Prayer |https://
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
RTNYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots' visit to the White House (viah
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on the threat of terrorism.
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them, &amp; Dems, in 2018!
Thank you#USA
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Just learned that Jonwho is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the#S544
Watch
. from multiple sources: There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented.
It is an exciting time for our country!
#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for America! #SCOTUS
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!
'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd A.
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon!
Wow,just reporting big news. Source: Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!U.S.A.
I will be interviewed onbystarting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States. #AmericaFirst
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
Weekly Address-
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for Jordan.
A great honor to host theChampion New Englandat the White House today. Congratulations!
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Lkke Rasmussen { to theyesterday!
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
Failingwhich has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
Thank you-- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst
...use subsidies to buy health plans. In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
A great book for your reading enjoyment: REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS by Michael J. Knowles.
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG R win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp; Dems, of historic proportion!
The failingfinally gets it - In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
RTRICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP?
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.
#ThankAVeteran
I will be interviewed byat 6:00 A.M.Enjoy!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
We are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put #AmericaFirst &amp; #MAGA!
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years'
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
The failinghas disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?
. Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's EmpowermentPanel this afternoon at the
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd andstart talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017
RTVery proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan's official
The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! So true.
RTLooking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at theon Monday!
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us bySpied on before nomination. The real story.
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
If andwould get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
Melania and I are honored to light up thethis evening, for
#WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.
Happy Easter to everyone!
RTGREAT AGAIN: FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS' SCANDAL...
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the#SoldierRideDC at thetoday with and#USA
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican
Watch
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
RTTRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
RTGrateful Syrians React ToStrike: 'I'll Name My Son Donald'#SyrianStrikes
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to theas we renew the historic partnership between the U.S. and Egypt.
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver!
Great op-ed fromLooks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare.
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals.
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is no path to victory for Trump that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project ( Soldier Ride to theon Thursday!
Where are and
#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated. If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Anybody (especiallyFake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.
. #CEOTownHall
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote R for lower taxes &amp; safety!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered byor money from Russia to Clinton - sale ofUranium?
Thank you tofor your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!
Great meeting with theCommittee this morning at the
Can you imagine what the outcry would be iffailing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA
It was an honor to welcometo thetoday withPence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365!
RTNever give up....that's the worst thing you could do. There's always a chance. -Kyle Coddington's message to those als
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland,to thetoday withPence.
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
For eight years Russia ran over President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak!
Watchnow on Podesta and Russia!
Great optimism in Americaand the results will be even better!
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY!
#MadeInTheUSA
Watch here:
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because Senate Dems are delaying!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
RTUSHCC was delighted to hostfor a roundtable discussion w/ Hispanic women biz owners today in Washington #USHCCLegi
The failingwould do much better if they were honest!
The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!
Met withtoday at theGreat discussion!
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you!
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwe're bringing back the JOBS!
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
RT. First Full Month in Office Sees Biggest Jobs Gain 'In Years': Report:
RTTrump always ends up being right.It's almost a little freaky.
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU Charter Communications!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in verygood shape!
Watchontonight at 9:00 P.M.
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
RTGREAT AGAIN:+235,000
Joined theConference this morning at the U.S. Capitol.#PassTheBill #MAGA
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
RTVIDEO: Rep. ScaliseGOP agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity:
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
RT. Trump led a historic journey to the White House. 50 days in, that historic journey continues. Take a lookht
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian reset, praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill
Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
RTWhen the President says You're Fired That means: Pack Yo Stuff and Go, Not Say You Refuse to Go!#DrainTheSwam
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout.
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained in our nation's fabric.
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade'
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to thetoday!
Remember when the failingapologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
I will be interviewed bytonight at 9:00 P.M. onEnjoy!
I feel sure that my friendwill come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee!
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the#MAGA
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, went to his mailbox and found my tax returns? FAKE NEWS!
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been playing the United States for years. China has done little to help!
RTMAJOR IMPACT:Trump is 50 Days in and moving swiftly to get America back on the right track. #MAGA
https://t.c
RTFOX NEWS ALERT: Jihadis using religious visa to enter US, experts warn (via
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C.and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here in D.C. Everyone be safe!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Healthcare listening session w/&amp;Watch:#ReadTheBill:
#RepealAndReplace
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!
RTJobs created in February.
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A great day for American jobs!
Honored to meet this yearsdelegates w/Pence in the East Room of theCongratulations!
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
RTEXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair: We Cannot Rule Out Sr. Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance https://
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we supportscientists, engineers, and astronauts in their pursuit of discovery!
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
#ICYMI: Weekly Address
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!
Going to CPAC!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities'
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
#JointSession #MAGA
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner &amp; husband of(just met w/out of prison immediately.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast onconcerning immigrants &amp; Sweden.
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is Very serious situation for USA
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy. Very un-American!
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security leakers that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Information is being illegally given to the failing&amp;by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
Is it legal for a sitting President to be wire tapping a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally rigged. Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia!
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning!
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.&amp;are unwatchable.is great!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Join me live at 9:00 P.M.
#JointAddress
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failinghas become a joke. LikewiseSad!
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Join me at 11:00am:
Watch here:
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect our country!
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here:
Weekly Address from
We should start an immediate investigation intoand his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen! says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIAcalls it differently! Dishonest
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!
Tickets:
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PMand a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canadaand the United States
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video:
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt!
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
THANK YOU!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
Weekly Address
Join me here:
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce.
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace &amp; save healthcare for ALL Americans.
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
I will be interviewed onat 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing(and others) must apologize!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and sources, is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando.
Welcome to the United States,Benjamin &amp; Sara!
#ICYMIJoint Press Conference:
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
Welcome to thePrime Minister
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American people.
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning withPence &amp;SecretaryWatch:
The FAKE NEWS media (failingis not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
For first time the failingwill take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
'S&amp;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge'
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule'
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban'
Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failingand either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan andErnie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Thank you,We would love to have you!
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a failure. Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
LAWFARE: Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute. A disgraceful decision!
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rallyat the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinz earlier today.
RTLIVE Joint Statement by President Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe:
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how kind President Obama was to them. Not me!
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
The failingwrites total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the bad would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad dudes out there!
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave service in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
While on FAKE NEWSBernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
The failingwas forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Interview withon Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea.
The failingdoes major FAKE NEWS China story saying Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14. We spoke at length yesterday!
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at theIncredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU!!
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl withairs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp; YEMEN
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO ofA great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in theWe support you!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
The American dream is back. Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many, many decades!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Join me live from the
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won'
Congratulations to our new Attorney General,
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly byShe is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General,
LIVE:
I will be interviewed byontonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
We must keep evil out of our country!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting:
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp; out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
Just cannotbelieve a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far'
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!8:00 P.M.
Our legal system is broken! 77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries. (WT)SO DANGEROUS!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWSis still lost!
Will be interviewed byonat 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string...
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS A COMPLETE FRAUD!
Congratulations tofor being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS- public is smart!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Spoke at the CongressionalRetreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/Thank you for your support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to anotherbut we are transferring...
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office.
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. #Inauguration
. Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support!
RTDo not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America.
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible carnage going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
The failinghas been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE. Media should also apologize
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
. Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand. Oh really, couldn't do...
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
. is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
Totally biasedwent out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at thethis morning. Together, we will #MAGA!
RT. has the talent, commitment, and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise
Interview with David Muir ofNews in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency. Very dishonest media!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!
#InaugurationDay #MAGA
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president. Sound familiar! WP
RTThank you tofor this incredible feature! Golfer-in-Chief https://t.c
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you!
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
On my way! #Inauguration2017
At 9:00 P.M.of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. #Heroes
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you toand so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
Will be interviewed byon- Enjoy!
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
. was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
Trump is great, a woman with real character and class.
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing big stuff.
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
TO ALL AMERICANS
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people.
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at thetoday.
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
It is time to remember that...
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!
#Inauguration2017
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
No wonder the Today Show on biasedis doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
Great seeing and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, its going to be #AmericaFirst
. firstinterview since taking office.Tonight on tonight.
I will be interviewed bytonight at 10 o'clock onWill be my first interview from the White House. Enjoy!
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day:
John Lewis said about my inauguration, It will be the first one that I've missed. WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time! Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It
Thr coverage about me in theand thegas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the Movement
just released a book called Unprecedented which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history!
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
RT2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. I wish you peace, joy, love and laughter. Happy New
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got swamped (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
TO ALL AMERICANS-
#HappyNewYear &amp; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365!
#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean.
Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said take them out. Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out toSo serious!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: Its very dishonest. #HannityMore dishonest than anyone knows
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have hacking defense like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
RTWatch our interview withRussia did not succeed in attempts to sway election#
We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it CRAZY
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
RTI have never been to Prague in my life. #fakenews
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election'
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary
The Intelligence briefing on so-called Russian hacking was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
RTHappy New Year + God's blessings to you all.Looking forward to incredible things in 2017! will Make America
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
RTOn behalf of our next #POTUS &amp;
#HappyNewYear AMERICA
https:
Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.
Very nice!
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE. Very unfair!
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan.
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews
Happy Birthday
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
Kellyanne Conway went tothis morning for an interview withDishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
I win an election easily, a great movement is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Julian Assange said a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only stupid people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
RT2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family! My beautiful wifemade it even better!https://t.
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented? Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable! - And, it is lousy healthcare.
RTHappy new year everyone. #newyear #family #vacation #familytime
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
. is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never mocked a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
It's Morning in America again!!!Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!! THANKS!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.Keep you doctor, keep your plan! It is....
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against Intelligence when in fact I am a big fan!
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
released by Intelligence even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Sloppy Steve Bannon, who cried when he got fired and begged for his job. Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone. Too bad!
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is Excellent or Good. That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United States - I will fight for you, and I will never, ever let you down. Now, more than ever, we must support the men and women in blue! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do.....except when it comes to the most important thing, VOTING for the people that run your country. Push hard for Voter Identification!
....to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that!
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! And, in the Washington Post (of all places), headline states, Trumps first year jobs numbers were very, very good.
So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel!
Thank youKevin McCarthy! Couldnt agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA
...peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Israel, for that, would have had to pay more. But with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote!#NeverForget
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices, but present and future Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!
Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. Dow just short of 25,000, a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration. Also, unemployment went down to 4.1%. Only getting better!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy!
....Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star.....
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points (billions of dollars), was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity. He is no longer allowed to report on Trump. Should have been fired!
With all of the failed experts weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasnt firm, strong and willing to commit our total might against the North. Fools, but talks are a good thing!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL, stop illegal immigration, end chain migration &amp; cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe &amp; unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
Disproven and paid for by Democrats Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election? Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?What a mess!
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder, Adolph Ochs, to give the news impartially, without fear or FAVOR, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved. Get...
Good idea Rand!
The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt &amp; biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday. The interest in, and importance of, these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated!
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their pockets. The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!
In every decision we make, we are honoring Americas PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs, &amp; corrupt politics left our communities hurting, our economy stagnant, &amp; millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN. But they are not forgotten ANYMORE!
45 year low in illegal immigration this year.
Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together, we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States!
....impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent sources, and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY, so that the next time I (and the people) win, you wont have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done! GL
It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act, which redesignates the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park.
Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints...
...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obamas failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change electionand the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching &amp; necessary. Thank you Michael Goodwin!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that dont exist. Look at this guys past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and I will never forget the (beyond kind) statements he has made about me as President. He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the U.S. Senate!
Sanctions and other pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea. Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time. Perhaps that is good news, perhaps not - we will see!
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics.DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems, will start falling in love with Republicans and their President! We are about RESULTS.
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the U.S. is booming...but the people know! Can you imagine if O was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth! Dow now over 25,000.
Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trumps tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $2,000, increases in 401k matches and spending on charity, a much higher number than previously known.
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund....
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence.....
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, &amp; yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
RTUtilities cutting rates, cite benefits of Trump tax reform
Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT!
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery &amp; Chain. USA!
We will not rest until all of Americas GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. Keep up the great work
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!
Ive had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart!
Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history. This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Six trillion dollars in value created!
I want to thank myfor working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally. System is rigged, must go to Voter I.D.
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!
It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. As an example, we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They dont even want to negotiate a long overdue...
Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve!
. HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow Americans SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!
#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
President
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUVs a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Cant wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th AmericanFederations Annual Convention in Nashville! #AFBF18
On my way now - join me LIVE at 4:00pmE:
Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
Crooked Hillary Clintons top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey &amp; others
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for peanuts, only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
House votes on controversial FISA ACT today. This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security &amp; the desperately needed Wall, the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem, Infrastructure, Military, Budget, Trade and DACA.
We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also!
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for todays very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security, chain migration, lottery and DACA.
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST &amp; CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 oclock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty &amp; Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media. Stay tuned!
We have been working every day to DELIVER for Americas Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US. #AFBF18
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and todays vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the- a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference:
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1!
President Trump has something now he didnt have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny. The accomplishments are there, look at his record, he has had a very significant first year.Show,David Asman &amp; Ed Rollins
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten shutdown, but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $2,000 bonus to U.S. employees!
His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over his missteps, there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed, as Trumps accomplishments accumulate, the mere thought of...
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times. Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger &amp; more powerful one than his, and my Button works!
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more &amp; more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain &amp; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
RTOn behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote https:/
RTWhen Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
RT. is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate htt
RTWhat They Are Saying AboutGREAT Debate andBad Performance
htt
RTHer instincts are suboptimal.
RTLIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp
RT. will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeague
RT#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate
RT. wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He is #AmericaFirst!
RT. is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016
RT. will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp
RTIt is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system!
RTNevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!
RTOur thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islamic terrori
RTCORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails
RTBREAKING: State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents